	postdate	company	title	description
0	7 days ago	Starbucks	data scientist - Seattle, WA or remote	"Now Brewing – Data Scientists! #tobeapartner

From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary leaders who share this passion and are guided by their service to others.
The data scientist will support growth at Starbucks by expanding the reach and scale of forecasting and measurement capabilities to support future planning and decision measurement. In this role, you’ll leverage statistical analysis, time series methods, machine learning, product development, data visualization, and storytelling. Day-to-day work will balance providing short-term analytical guidance and supporting long-term forecasting and measurement product development. You will also have the opportunity to collaborate and immerse with teams across Starbucks, including finance, demand planning, store development, marketing, and loyalty.
As a data scientist, you will…
Extract and transform data from multiple sources in preparation for exploratory data analysis, modeling, and reporting.
Leverage predictive and inferential advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to solve business problems, including methods to surface uncertainty intervals to provide increased context.
Transform model outputs into formats that are digestible to the end users through visualization, clear tables, and/or thoughtful presentations. Assist technical and non-technical end users in how to leverage and interpret the analysis.
Drive innovation by proposing and testing novel techniques and technologies to solve known problems and identify new business problems that can be addressed using data science products developed by the team.

We’d love to hear from people with:

Education: MS+ with concentration in quantitative discipline - Stats, Math, Comp Sci, Engineering, Econ, Quantitative Social Science or similar discipline
Advanced competency in working with time series data (e.g., forecasting, longitudinal data analysis, or panel regression), including being able to perform inferential analysis and develop and communicate measures of uncertainty for data having spatial or temporal dependence/correlation.
Strong data exploratory skills. Understands how to break down the data, extract insights, and determine utility within larger data analytic products.
Knowledge of at least one approach to longitudinal inference/time series measurement, such as counterfactual causal models, synthetic control models, matching approaches, or difference-in-differences.
Working knowledge of either Python or R, and competency in SQL.
Join us and be part of something bigger. Apply today!

Starbucks and its brands are an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals.

We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 206-318-0660 or via email at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com"
1	20 days ago	Juristat	Data Analyst – Data Entry	"Note: While this is a fully remote position, we can only consider those whose legal residence is in Texas, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, and Illinois.
Juristat is building an innovative suite of products, and we need the team to create those tools. We’re seeking a highly motivated and organized individual to join our data team as a Data Analyst. This team is responsible for acquiring and analyzing the most complete and accurate data available to grow our products and inform our business strategies.
This particular team member will be responsible for analyzing incoming legal documents in real-time to detect and correct errors in our processing, enter data from the source documents into templates, annotate legal documents, and provide feedback to others, to improve our proprietary artificial intelligence.
Remote work-from-home options are available for this role. If you possess high attention to detail and a strong work ethic – this is the job for you!
ABOUT THE POSITION
Your responsibilities will include:
Collecting and analyzing digital documents and related data
Reviewing data and documents for errors
Entering, correcting, and formatting data from source documents
Working cooperatively with other Juristat team members
Consistently meeting individual and team performance objectives
Becoming familiar with Juristat’s tools and systems in order to understand all team-related internal systems, processes, and procedures
Potential to grow into a larger role, based on performance, skills, and experience
ABOUT YOU
There are several qualities that make you stand out as the right person to fill this position. In particular:
You are extremely organized and possess high attention to detail
You have a strong work ethic
You are trustworthy and can maintain confidentiality
You are skilled at typing and using digital word processors, such as Microsoft Word and/or Google Documents, as well as other similar computer applications
You are knowledgeable of correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation
You can quickly adapt to new processes and procedures as our team grows and our processes rapidly improve
You are excited to learn about our current processes and infrastructure, and willing to provide creative suggestions to improve our workflow as you grow in your role
Juristat is an equal opportunity employer. We're excited to work with people no matter their race, color, creed, religion, veteran status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, pregnancy status, or mental or physical disability.
vHWS3CkP0Q"
2	19 days ago	Descartes Labs	Applied Scientist (Sustainability)	"The Company
Descartes Labs helps the world's largest organizations unlock the power of geospatial analytics to solve global scale problems. Our solutions create new sources of environmental sustainability and operational advantage and foresight for agriculture, CPG, mining, and government users by combining machine intelligence and domain expertise into a complete operational solution.
Descartes Labs is proud to be a remote-first, deliberately distributed organization that recognizes that people have different needs and motivations for building a life and career that matters and works for them. For this reason, we are open to our employees working from any location, in a way that enhances their well-being, productivity, and role. We focus on helping our employees produce positive outcomes and we recognize that the path to getting there will look different for different people.
The Role
Are you interested in shaping the tools that enable global enterprises to turn their sustainability commitments into action? We are looking for pragmatic problem solvers who favor practical, efficient solutions that also maintain a high degree of scientific rigor. As an Applied Scientist on the Sustainability team, you will collaborate with our cross-disciplinary team to build cutting edge sustainability solutions for our clients and partners.
The work we do includes (but is not limited to): (1) Land cover mapping and disturbance monitoring over critical ecosystems, particularly tropical forests (2) Forest carbon mapping and modeling using remote sensing data, and (3) Regenerative agriculture, including its mapping, modeling, and implications for carbon sequestration. In particular, we are looking for candidates with expertise in forest remote sensing, including (but not limited to) using LiDAR, SAR tomography, and other advanced methods to remotely estimate forest biomass.
Your Impact
Use our archive of satellite imagery and other datasets to develop and implement scalable models (statistical, mathematical, machine learning, and/or empirical) that support our products and customer engagements.
You will actively participate as a member of a cross-disciplinary team, openly communicating your ideas, insights, and feedback while helping to continuously improve our processes.
Collaborate with product managers to develop new products, feature datasets, and capabilities relevant to sustainability initiatives
Contribute to building a scalable, efficient set of workflows and toolsets leveraging our existing platform infrastructure
What You Bring
An advanced degree in a relevant scientific or quantitative field such as meteorology, climate science, environmental science or closely-related field preferred; industry experience may be taken under consideration as a substitute
Demonstrated background developing statistical, machine learning, and/or simulation models for climate/weather systems
Proficiency in Python, or in another scientific programming language with the ability to quickly pick up new technical skills
Strong problem solving skills, with the ability to research, develop, and implement solutions to novel problems
Ability to communicate in a clear and concise manner, relating economic concepts and market developments to both general and business audiences
Self-motivated and able to work independently as well as within a team
Familiarity with cloud-based and/or distributed computing
Who You Are
Curious. You are always exploring and experimenting, and you have a hard time putting down exciting new problems. You enthusiastically share your learning with others and actively seek new knowledge.
Conscientious. You are determined, always keep your promises, and are forward thinking. Principled and integrous, you take your commitments seriously.
Humble. Unpretentious and self-aware, you cultivate compassion for others and take responsibility for your mistakes. Egos are barriers to doing the best work and always learning.
Open and Inclusive. You are receptive and interested in new ideas and perspectives, even when those perspectives don’t agree with your views. You value and respect difference and create ways for all people to contribute to the organization.
Collaborative. You know it takes a team to get anything accomplished and you actively and inclusively work across the organization. You listen intently and openly and are always focused first on creating the best results.
Adaptable. You are able to navigate changing circumstances and environments with ease and approach uncertainty with enthusiasm, while inspiring others towards effective goal setting and accomplishment.
Top Reasons to Work at Descartes Labs
We pride collaboration over ownership, iteration over perfection, principles over rules, and discussion over directives
We’re using the world’s top technology to solve the world’s largest problems with a strong focus on sustainability, environment, and impact science
We look at Descartes Labs as a work environment where people are included, treat their colleagues with professional regard and respect, and thrive as a result
We’re a highly collaborative company that constantly promotes success through teamwork
We strongly encourage and enjoy a flexible work environment
You belong here! If your experience and interests match with some of the above, we want you to apply. Nobody is an expert on all or even parts of our stack.
Descartes Labs is committed to building a diverse community and we embrace equal opportunity in a serious way. We strive to be a team with a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. Scientific discovery is in our DNA and the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be; diversity fuels innovation!
Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates during all aspects of our interview process."
3	4 days ago	Red Canary	Principal Data Scientist	"Who We Are
Red Canary was founded to create a world where every organization can make its greatest impact without fear of cyber attack. Our combination of market-defining technology, processes, and expertise are preventing breaches every day. We are completely changing the way security is delivered and setting the new standard for security. If our mission resonates with you, let’s talk!
What We Believe InDo what’s right for the customerBe kind and authenticDeliver great qualityBe relentless

Challenges You Will Solve
You’re passionate about applying your technical and leadership skills to solve complex problems. You thrive and welcome the challenges of the unknown. You are a force multiplier - enabling other members of your team to do their job better. You don’t require micromanagement - and can easily take ownership of large projects. You independently identify areas of improvement throughout the company. You champion correct solutions to problems.
What You'll Do
Work with large, complex data sets.
Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale.
Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve all Red Canary products
Work closely with other functions (e.g. PM, Engineering, Analytics, Marketing, Sales) to deliver high quality solutions.
What You'll Bring
A degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or equivalent work experience
Expert knowledge in machine learning
Strong organizational, communication, and leadership skills
Strong understanding of designing and building machine learning models in AWS
Experience leading a team of data scientists
Experience with online machine learning on large scale data sets
Experience owning the lifecycle of features or products, including ideation, prototyping, implementation, and support
Ability to independently identify areas of improvement in an existing system
Passionate about making better products, and delivering high impact solutions
Targeted base salary range: $200,000 - $250,000 + bonus eligibility and equity depending on experience.
Why Red Canary?
Red Canary is where people embody our mission to improve security outcomes for all. People work hard to maintain a culture that encourages authenticity in order to do your best work. Our people are driven and committed to finding the best security outcomes, delivering real and actionable answers, and being transparent along the way.
At Red Canary, we offer a very rich benefits program to our full-time team members so they can focus on their families and improving our customers’ security. For a full list of benefits, please review our Benefits Summary:
https://redcanary.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Benefit-Summary-Red-Canary.pdf
Individuals seeking employment at Red Canary are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation."
4	30+ days ago	Kaplan	Data Scientist	"Job Title
Data Scientist
Job Description
We are looking for Data Scientists to be part of the Metis Data Science Instructional Team. We seek individuals who love and are passionate about teaching others to be premier data scientists, excel at analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems, and are fun to be around and work with. An ideal candidate should be quick to learn and adapt, care about the design of simple, powerful, beautiful interfaces and visuals, love writing code, thrive in creative team efforts, and also have interests and passions beyond data science.
Responsibilities
Metis Data Scientists provide incredible and inspiring Data Science instruction; support the design and teaching of new products and courses and infuse their expertise into our business operations, and continually sharpen their skills through consulting and project explorations.
Co-Teaching the Data Science Bootcamp
Metis Data Scientists co-teach our immersive bootcamps and short immersive courses. On any given day, the amount of lecture time is 1-2 hours, and the remainder of the day is spent directly engaging with and coaching individually the students. The responsibilities include:
Teaching lessons
Leading course discussions
Providing personalized support to students
Improving the quality of our curriculum
Offering career guidance and interview support to our students and alumni
Developing Courses and Supporting Business Operations

Metis Data Scientists spend time focused on internal operations and thought leadership. Some examples of how that time gets used includes:
Creating new courses and/or enhancing existing courses
Optimizing our admissions process
Improving our data engineering and workflow
Speaking at events and conferences
Writing articles and blogs
Assisting with instructor recruitment

Ideal Applicant
Has an exceptional background in at least two of the following three skill domains:
Computer Science
Math/Statistics
Data Science/Machine Learning
At least 1 year of solid data science industry experience
Fluent in Python (NumPy, pandas, sklearn)
Preferably has some teaching experience
Has excellent communication and listening skills
Approaches problems with a design perspective
Is passionate about continuous learning
Does not take themselves too seriously
Perks of the Role
Part of a team that is transforming education
Competitive compensation package
Opportunity to network and develop, both among Metis’ Data Science speaker community, as well as through Kaplan, the global education company and parent company of Metis
Opportunity to work remote
Location
Remote/Nationwide, USA
Additional Locations
Employee Type
Employee
Job Functional Area
Instructors
Business Unit
Kaplan is an Equal Opportunity Employer"
5	11 days ago	Harvest NYC	Data Scientist	"Description
About Harvest
Harvest is an industry-leading, independent software company that makes tools to help businesses run more smoothly. We believe that businesses only succeed by using their time intentionally. Our products support our customers through time tracking, reporting, and forecasting features.
Harvest started in 2006 as a team of three and has grown to today’s current team of over 60 with Harvesters working from around the globe. We’ve worked as a remote team since the beginning and we continue to hire the right people for the job no matter where they call home.
We strive to create a workplace culture where everyone feels valued, included, and heard. One important aspect of this is continuing to create spaces for diverse life experiences and work histories. If you are a member of a group that is historically underrepresented and disadvantaged in tech, business, and society in general, we want to meet you and we encourage you to apply.
About the Role
This is an opportunity to join Harvest’s nascent data team. In the short term, you will help build Harvest’s reporting layer using DBT and Mode. Medium-term, you will help shape and implement an experimentation program. Longer-term, there is flexibility in how you can grow as long as you bring kindness, honor time, and seek impact.
You should consider applying if:
You have both a teacher and a student mindset.
15 years worth of data excites you.
You're interested in building a data practice from the ground up.
You like small teams.
You value a distributed and diverse work culture. Working side-by-side with co-workers from around the world is something you cherish.
You value simplicity over complexity and practicality over theory.
You are skeptical, curious, and not afraid of failure.

Responsibilities
Munge data, analyze and interpret results to provide both ad-hoc and scalable ongoing reporting
Gather requirements from stakeholders, understand the intent of their requests along with potential business impact, and guide and execute upon those requests
Guide your colleagues through the scientific method by designing and leading experiments
Develop an understanding of how data moves through Harvest
Build upon Harvest’s logic layer to ensure scalability and accuracy
Grow in both depth and breadth in order to become a subject matter expert in given technologies and/or parts of the business
Requirements
Strong working knowledge of SQL and at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred)
Knowledge of statistics, hypothesis testing, and probability
Experience with relational databases
Strong written and oral communication
A desire to learn and grow

Nice to Have
Experience with SAAS products"
6	18 days ago	Hathway	Data Scientist R&D	Job OverviewHathway is looking for an experienced data scientist + machine learning expert to found its new Data Science practice. This role will endeavor to create product recommendations, personalization and segmentation for marketing purposes, and solve other interesting challenges within data science. You will have access to large amounts of high quality data and a flexible work environment to solve problems in.The Data Scientist will be supported by a Data Engineer and Data Analyst, working directly with Hathway’s Analytics and Insights Department, as well as its R&D Department. In addition, the Data Scientist will have the assistance of Hathway’s Engineering Department in productionizing their work.ResponsibilitiesAct as a “service of one” and own Hathway’s emergent data science practice, solving complex issues in e-commerce, growth marketing, loyalty, and other areas using the AWS Stack and related toolsCreate pipelines and other infrastructure related tasks (ETL, deployment, training schedule, monitoring, etc.) necessary to productionize ML systemsGenerate solutions using data science and machine learning, such as logic supporting product and offer recommendations in digital commerceUtilize customer segments and personalization techniques to enhance marketing capabilitiesCalculate user metrics such as churn, time to next purchase, minimum viable offer, and others to enhance marketing capabilitiesProvide insights into consumer behavior and system performanceContribute toward the delivery of prototypes, proof of concept, or other deliverables as established by your manager that incrementally demonstrate feasibility and viability of the solutions you are creatingReport routinely on progress of efforts in a manner that is consumable by Hathway’s business leadershipQualificationsExtensive experience building machine learning solutions in AWS Stack - Sagemaker, Glue, S3, Dynamo, etc.Extensive experience solving both supervised and unsupervised machine learning problemsExtensive experience with neural networks and other learning methodologies (SVM, random forests, Bayesian networks, etc.)Extensive experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, Scala, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience with segmentation and personalization learning techniquesExperience with product recommendation engines, preferably with personalizationWorking knowledge of current AI/ML landscape, including new methodologies, e.g. multi-step classification systems, GANs, Deep Learning, etc.Some experience with data visualizationSome experience with productionizing a ML system, e.g. exposing via API, creating service layer, etc.Location, Physical Requirements, and PPEAbility to walk, stand, sit, kneel, push, stoop, reach above the shoulder, grasp, pull, bend repeatedly, climb stairs, identify colors, hear with aid, see, write, count, read, speak, analyze, alphabetize, lift and carry under 25 lbs., perceive depth and operate a motor vehicle.Conditions may include working inside and/or outside. May work around machines with moving parts and moving objects. Working near radiant and electrical energy. Working closely with others or working alone. Working extended or irregular hours and travelling by all possible modes of transportation.Equipment (machines, tools, devices) used in performing the essential job functions include but are not limited to computers and related equipment, calculators, copiers, fax machines, telephones, and vehicles.Job Type: Full-time
7	30+ days ago	U.Group	Data Scientist	"About U.Group
U.Group is an advanced technology and creative design company radically focused on using customer-centric innovation to create new opportunities in the public and private sectors. Working collaboratively out of offices in Arlington, VA, Washington, DC, Portland, OR, and in the heart of the action at client sites—U.Group delivers best-in-class digital services, powerful data platforms, augmented reality solutions, integrated marketing strategies, bundled services, and more. To learn more, visit www.U.Group.
Role Summary
Data Science at U.Group is dedicated to designing and engineering advanced data processing and analytics tools to drive the next generation of decision-making. You will join a diverse interdisciplinary team designing and integrating augmented intelligence capabilities into products and services. Our goals and ambitions are bigger than any one individual. As such, you will join a collaborative team where our knowledge and strengths are complementary. We emphasize cooperative education, where we continually expand and refine our craft. Your talent in software development will be just as important as your understanding of databases, statistics, and machine learning. Your creativity and ingenuity will be needed to solve challenging problems. Ultimately, you will be part of a broad team geared towards delivering quality products and services to our clients, communicating and collaborating with engineers, economists, marketing strategists, and designers, to name a few.
Key Objectives
Key Objective 1: Plan, develop, and maintain sustainable data science services as components of larger applications.
Plan, develop, and maintain data ingestion, pre-processing, feature engineering, and processing services to make training, test, and production data easily and repeatably useable for data science services.
Plan, develop, and maintain core data science functionality (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and custom data analysis functionality) in these services that measurably improve customer outcomes.
Plan, develop, and maintain systems for testing, evaluating, and improving the accuracy, efficiency, and value of these services for customer outcomes.
Develop and deploy these services within larger environments and applications, coordinating with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement and leverage containerized environments, version control, CICD deployment patterns, standard tools and technology stacks, testing practices, and code standards.
Integrate these services with larger environments and applications, coordinating with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement standardized service contracts, data security controls, and best coding standards and practices.
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences.
Key Objective 2: Plan, develop, and maintain AI/ML solutions as standalone services, demonstrations, processes, and custom tools.
Design, document, and communicate data and input requirements for developing standalone, repeatable AI/ML and data analysis solutions that measurably improve customer outcomes.
Plan, develop, and maintain complete data science solutions, using and extending frameworks, libraries, technologies, and approaches that leverage industry-standard practices for entity resolution, image classification, decision support, feature engineering, and other categories of problems.
Plan, develop, and maintain systems for testing, evaluating, and improving the accuracy, efficiency, and value of these solutions for customer outcomes.
Coordinate with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement and leverage standard tools and technology stacks, testing practices, and code standards.
Implement these solutions so that their outputs can inform, apply to, and enrich data science services developed for integration with larger applications.
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences.
Key Objective 3: Perform exploratory data analysis and communicate insights to customers and the product team
Design, document, and communicate requirements and approach for data ingestion, pre-processing, feature engineering, and processing on custom data.
Plan, develop, and maintain data analysis solutions, using and extending frameworks, libraries, technologies, and approaches to identify data features that measurably improve customer outcomes.
Maintain a library of data analysis practices and approaches to grow our standard of practice and accelerate delivery.
Develop and use creative solutions to communicate results, features, value, and further questions, including narrative descriptions, visualizations, and highlighted features.
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences.
Life at U.Group
We encourage our colleagues to lead balanced lives. Our comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability, wellness programs, flexible spending, 20 days paid time off, and paid holidays. We also offer:
Flex Time and Remote Work Options
Education reimbursement program
Fitness Reimbursement
Transit/parking subsidy program
Parental Leave Policy
Professional Development Program
401(k) with Company Match
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY – Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
U.Group shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of protected veteran status or disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."
8	30+ days ago	Data Tecnica	Early career data scientist / analyst / statistical geneticist	"Are you an early career data scientist / analyst / statistical geneticist looking for work? Are you interested in working on the largest Parkinson’s disease genomics and clinical datasets available? Are you passionate about #OpenScience, democratizing research tools and increasing scientific inclusivity?
The COVID19 situation is difficult but we are hiring remote junior staff, targeting an immediate start date. Once the global situation calms in 2021, it is likely the researcher will be needed in the Washington DC area on site approximately two days per week.
Come work with us at NIH on data science projects as part of a diverse team of multidisciplinary scientists that will be helping support the next wave of brain disease initiatives.
We are looking for candidates early in their careers with basic programming skills that are willing to learn and apply new methods and techniques. This position includes general analysis workflows with standard packages (python3, dash, PLINK, HAIL, etc) with responsibilities ranging from data science and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds, as well as some minor data and project management.
This position will include opportunities for on-the-job training, authorship on publications, some independent research, possible scientific conference travel and situational support for continuing education.
Scope of research: Supporting cloud based analysis and data sharing solutions for large genomics and clinical efforts in neurodegenerative disease research. This will focus on running and refining standard analysis, data management and data visualization workflows. Big picture goal is improving open science ecosystems.
Ideal candidate(s): Candidate(s) (under graduate to post-doctoral level) should have some training in bioinformatics and programming (python/R and bash, at least). A basic familiarity with computer clusters and cloud-based computing is ideal. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work well in teams are required. The incumbent will have a major role in assisting in manuscript preparation and bioinformatic training of other team members, providing technical assistance, and maintaining research continuity within the laboratory.
Additional info: Full time employment on annual contract (30+ hours per week, renewable). Flexible hours + telecommuting. Salary and benefits negotiable / competitive.
Interested candidates should provide the following documents: cover letter, CV and if possible contact info for up to three relevant references.
If interested email: info@datatecnica.com"
9	4 days ago	Nexient	Machine Learning Engineer (Junior)	"***Update: Moving forward and not limited to 2021, Nexient will be supporting fully remote and hybrid work models for all team members***

We’re happy to announce that as part of our efforts to embrace, adapt, and provide more flexibility to our team members—Nexient will be adopting a new set of work models. Whether it’s fully remote, hybrid, or full-time at the office—you now have the option to choose the work arrangement that best suits your needs and preferences. You are not locked into any selection and can make changes at any point if needed.
Don’t only dream about what’s next – come build it with us!
Nexient specializes in bringing a “Product Mindset” to our work, using small, nimble teams, Agile thinking and other techniques from product development to build great custom software people love to use.
And as America’s leading 100% US, 100% Agile software services partner, we’re building it here instead of sending tech jobs offshore.
People are noticing.
Our clients include some of America’s favorite brands in retail, healthcare, financial services and more – but also some very cool product companies you may not have heard of yet. We’re recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor, HfS Hot Vendor and the only 100% US tech company in the World’s Top 100 Outsourcers. You might have read about us in The New York Times.
Nexient combines:
Silicon Valley innovation (through our Bay Area innovation hub, and network of startups and emerging technology partners)
Scalable, Midwest delivery (with 65+ Agile teams in high talent cities like Ann Arbor, Michigan)
Onsite collaboration (with product managers and other key roles working face-to-face with client teams around the country)
Come build with us!
Required Technical Skills:
Familiarity with machine learning fundamentals
Aware of optimization techniques and differences (gradient decent variants, hyperparameter tuning, regularization)
Some experience with different problems and domains, ideally specialized in at least one (supervised, unsupervised, generative, control/RL, anomaly detection, timeseries, etc.)
Familiarity with a couple of traditional ML models (k-means, KNN, decision trees, SVM, Bayesian/graphical models, Gaussian process, etc.)
Basic understanding of deep learning fundamentals (CNN, RNN, attention/memory, Autoregressive) and ideally some applications of extensions (Transformer, LSTM, ResNet, etc.)
 Experience coding with popular frameworks
Solid with Python (basic data structures, coding patterns) along with common data, math and visualization libraries
Able to work in different coding environments (local, notebooks, containers) and familiar with software engineering workflows (testing, code management/Git)
Loading and saving large data sets and models efficiently
Nice to have:
Structuring code to make it modular and deployable (logging and metrics, adhering to common deployment interfaces/hooks)
Ability to follow papers/theory and adapt associated models
NLP specialization (NLU, NLI, QA, BERT, GPT, T5, XLNet, etc.)
MLOps and cloud environment (resource configuration, optimization)
Data engineering (large scale data processing in batch or stream, security and configuration best practices)
#LinkedInRemote
Benefits & Perks:
Company sponsored health, dental, vision insurance and flexible spending account (FSA) for employees and their families including domestic partners
Paid Vacation Time and company holidays
401K plan
Lunch & Learn
Passionate, collaborative and awesome co-workers
World class training and career mentorship


Nexient is an inclusive equal opportunity employer. At Nexient, your uniqueness makes us better. Your uniqueness is why you are valued, you are heard, you add to our culture, and you belong. Diversity & Inclusion is hard coded into our DNA, and at the core of everything we do. Together, not separately, we strive to become even more diverse to help fuel our innovation and connect us closer with the clients and communities we serve."
10	30+ days ago	Blocknative Corporation	Data Scientist	"It’s great to meet you. Thanks for taking the time to read about our latest job opening. Read on to learn a bit about Blocknative, get some insights into the role we are hiring for, and learn about our process.
To learn more about Blocknative, please visit our About or Career pages.
Overview:
Blocknative’s mempool data platform is used by some of the leading projects in the category. Every day our infrastructure captures hundreds of millions of rows of data, enhancing and enriching the data set.
As a data scientist, you’ll spend part of your time finding insights and helping to make our data more usable for our end users. And you’ll spend part of your time working with stakeholders in product and marketing to help us share insights with the community. We expect you to have clear communication and you should be excited about the opportunity to be part of a growing team.
Responsibilities:
Identify data, metrics, and analyses needs for partners; Initiate, develop, and maintain data pipelines and data models that powers dashboards and data products
Provide thought leadership and guidance, sharing expertise both internally and externally
Apply the latest approaches and techniques to our mempool datasets with the goal of identifying patterns
Manage cross-functional stakeholders and help drive a data-driven culture company-wide
Preferred* Experience:
Ethereum experienced — proficient with the core concepts in the space
Deep domain knowledge in statistics/ML and experience applying these concepts to blockchain transaction analysis.
Data analyses using SQL, especially on multi-terabyte columns store databases
Analysis and machine learning platforms such as Spark, TensorFlow, SageMaker
Programming languages used for modern data science, such as R, Python, ScalaWe prioritize people above all else. If you think you’d add to the depth and diversity of our team but don’t fit these qualifications exactly, we want you to apply!
Fun Facts:
We’re a bunch of data nerds
Our CTO started his career at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab building real-time data streaming software
We’ve published several reports that have been well received in the space:
Evidence of Mempool Manipulation on Black Thursday: Hammerbots, Mempool Compression, and Spontaneous Stuck Transactions
From Stablecoins to Crypto Dollars
When One Billion Ethereum Transactions?
Blocknative’s infrastructure records thousands of mempool events every second
We’re backed by leading VCs


Hiring Process:
Given our early stage, we strive to have you meet as much of the team as possible before extending an offer. Here’s what you can expect:
Application
Schedule a call with the CTO
Schedule a call with the CEO
Schedule a group interview with the Engineering team
Schedule a group interview with the Product team
Schedule a group interview with the Go To Market team
Reference calls
 Offer
We hope you apply!

We are also open to exploring contract opportunities as we get to know each other."
11	13 days ago	CM Group LLC	Data Scientist (NLP)	"SUMMARY/OBJECTIVE:
The Data Scientist (NLP) Contractor is responsible for supporting and enhancing our current NLP modules. This position will collaborate with other verticals within the organization and clients for onboarding new clients onto our NLP offerings and providing maintenance on existing projects utilizing NLP.
Job Experience:
Experience in TensorFlow/PyTorch or a similar machine learning open-source library
Strong skill in Python
Strong SQL experience
R experience preferred
Machine Learning/NLP
Sentiment Experience
Predictive Modeling
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques.
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Pharma and biotech industry experience preferred
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
Understanding of problem-solving methods, with the ability to influence selection and implementation of viable options for resolving issues
Ability to perform risk analysis and assess data to help drive required technical service needs, compliance, and process improvement initiatives.
ANALYTICAL SKILLS Ability to compare, contrast and quality check work and keen attention to detail. Can present numerical data orally and in writing or through graphics.
COLLABORATION AND COMMUNICATION SKILLS Can proactively engage others and communicate effectively with clients, colleagues, vendors and leadership cross-functionally across Operations
COMPUTER SKILLS Proficient in Microsoft Office including Word, Excel and Power Point, especially spreadsheets, database and reporting tools. Knowledge of CVENT, Veeva, Concur, SC-Insight, Hive and Client and internal portals
DECISION MAKING SKILLS Ability to make clear, concise decisions and solve complex problems.
ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS Establishing and maintaining an excellent relationship with the client and the participants is critical to the success of this position.
ORGANIZATIONAL SKILLS Plans, organizes, and schedules effectively to ensure milestones are delivered on time, on budget and in compliance. Ability to keep others on task and to carry out or delivery tasks independently to meet goals/objectives.
OWNERSHIP Generates and communicates clear priorities, independently drives core activities, effectively gathers and incorporates feedback
ADAPTABLE - Adjusts quickly to changing priorities and conditions. Copes effectively with complexity and change
This is a full-time remote contract position lasting 6-9 months.
EEO Statement
The CM Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, genetic information, citizenship, age, disability, pregnancy, genetics, veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable federal, state, or local law.
Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice."
12	29 days ago	Homesite Insurance	Data Scientist II	"Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.
One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.
Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.
Compensation may vary based on the job level and your geographic work location.
Compensation Minimum:$63,000
Compensation Maximum:$125,000
Homesite is an innovative national property and casualty insurance company with a fast-paced environment. We're proud to be part of the American Family Mutual Insurance Company and offer multiple products in partnership with large national brands. We seek a person possessing analytical rigor, a sense of data and mad coding skills with a desire to build a successful career in Data Science. The primary role will be to grow profits through the development of state of the art pricing and product plans.
Additional responsibilities include:
Lead time series analysis and forecasting projects involving sales and business portfolio monitoring to support management of risk accumulation and exposure.
Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.
Work with fellow data scientists and developer teams to translate models to business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.
Work with IT to help implement the models in production.
Interface with stakeholders to communicate the value add of the models being built.
Requirements:
Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.
Solid understanding of machine learning and statistical methods for time series analysis, including statistical tests for seasonality, stationarity and autocorrelation.
Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.
Solid understanding of best practices in coding, code organization, data transformation, imputation, model selection, evaluation, and tuning.
Prior experience with moving average, exponential smoothing, random walk, ARIMA and/or VAR models preferred. Exposure to deep learning for time series analysis with TensorFlow and/or Prophet is a plus.
Experience with GCP (BigQuery, ML Engine, AutoML) and/or AWS (SageMaker) preferred and exposure to deep learning preferred.
Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) experience preferred. Knowledge of Go, Java or Scala is a plus.
Knowledge of one version control system, preferably Git is required.
Mastery of the command line is good to have.
Prior experience with H2O and DataRobot is a plus.
#LI-Remote
When you work at Homesite you can expect benefits that support your physical, emotional, and financial wellbeing. You will have access to comprehensive medical, dental, vision and wellbeing benefits that enable you to take care of your health. We also offer a competitive 401(k) contribution, a pension plan, an annual incentive, and a paid-time off program. In addition, our student loan repayment program and paid-family leave are available to support our employees and their families. Interns at Homesite are eligible for the paid time off program. Contingent workers are not eligible for American Family Enterprise benefits.
Stay connected: Join Our Enterprise Talent Community !"
13	30+ days ago	Humana	Data Scientist 2	"The Data Scientist 2 uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Data Scientist 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action.
Responsibilities
The Data Scientist 2 will be responsible for leveraging advanced analytics and machine learning to advance strategy and initiatives at HPS and Humana Pharmacy.Manage and manipulate large data sets to support analytics projectsWork with business partners to identify areas of opportunity and deliver business insightsPresent findings to business/technical partners; be able to present technical findings clearly to non-technical audiencesIdentify and measure project outcomesUse supervised and unsupervised machine learning to develop models that help solve business problemsWork with a diverse array of business partners and assist in requirements definition, project scoping, timeline management, and results documentation to ensure professional relationship management
Required Qualifications
Master's Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Quantitative Social Sciences or other quantitative discipline
Experience in Python, R, SAS, SQL or other statistical programming language
Experience in manipulating and working with structured and/or unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting
Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Possesses an understanding of department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas
Capable of making decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences
Preferred Qualifications
PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Quantitative Social Sciences or other quantitative discipline
Experience with pharmacy and/or health care data
Experience with Azure cloud storage and analytics solutions
Experience with Databricks and/or PySpark
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40"
14	26 days ago	Drizly	Data Scientist, Operations	"Who we are
Drizly is the world’s largest alcohol marketplace and the best way to shop beer, wine and spirits. Our customers trust us to be part of their lives – their celebrations, parties, dinners and quiet nights at home. We are there when it matters - committed to life’s moments and the people who create them. We partner with the best retail stores in over 1400 cities across North America to serve up the best buying experience. Drizly offers a huge selection and competitive pricing with a side of personalized content. That is what we do. Who we are is a different story.
We are more than just another tech company. There is an intellectual curiosity that occurs at Drizly. We have a desire to question, to understand, to figure it out. Bottom line, we solve it. We value not just the truth but the process to get to the truth, to deliberate, decide and then act. Most importantly, we care. We care about our customer. We care about our company. We care about our team. There will be long days and incredible challenges.
We are blazing a trail in an industry that hasn’t changed in nearly a century, and that doesn’t scare us (well, not all the time) -and even when it does, it doesn’t stop us, it energizes us.
Do you see yourself here? Read on.
Who you are
You are tech savvy and have performed the duties of developing and implementing operations data science products that are defined and executed in a collaborative environment. You have balanced partner needs and demands across multiple teams to get results (OKRs) with limited allocated resources for supporting DS product implementations. You have a second nature level of comfort with SQL, Python, Scikit, Git, and local/cloud based development environments (e.g. JupyterLabs, Databricks or equivalent).
You've had a proven track record of applying machine learning, linear and mixed-integer programming to operations opportunities (e.g., forecasting, optimizations, scheduling, etc.). You have worked collaboratively with DS peers and software engineers to integrate products and are comfortable working in a shared codebase; while adhering to engineering standard methodologies (code hygiene, version control, secrets management, etc.). You've worked with operations groups and partnered with teams to conduct DS product roadmapping exercises to jointly identify and prioritize opportunities. You are driven towards innovation with data science, and are a forward thinker, designing DS products not only for the immediate needs but aligned to where the ops teams are heading in the future.
What the role is

This role is open because we have substantial goals for how Drizly engages with its customer base going forward, the average Drizly customer is more valuable than ever, and the value of a 1% improvement to existing processes is larger than it’s ever been. The role will be responsible for developing, prioritizing, and executing on the top opportunities identified in the Operations DS roadmap that spans across the Sales team, Account Management (including onboarding), Retailer Services, People Operations, and Internal Tools. Data science opportunities that are implemented by this person will touch all aspects of the Drizly Flywheel; from becoming more than just a ecommerce/delivery platform to our retailers - to being a brand associated with helping retailers better run their business, to forecasting Out-of-Stock items before a customer has a negative experience not getting that product they needed to improve the life’s moment it was intended to help build, etc. Ultimately, this person will enable our operations teams and retail partners to maximize the potential of the Drizly platform through functionality integrated data science.
Please note: this role can be performed remotely anywhere in the United States with the exception of Colorado.
In this role you will:
Develop DS products roadmap across the Operations Team
Refine, prioritize, and execute data science opportunities in a collaborative manner
Ship iterative data science product versions in an experimental fashion to rapidly adapt and improve the products
Collaboratively supervise and report value creation from DS products with the Operations Teams


The Other Stuff:
Competitive salary
One-on-one professional coaching with an external expert
Health, Dental and Vision Insurance
Flexible vacation policy
401(K) Plan with Employer Match
Added perks
You do you.
Drizly is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
BEFORE YOU APPLY...
We ask that you please remove all identifying information from your resume before you upload it on the next page in an effort to help us remove unconscious bias from our resume review process. Drizly is committed to cultivating an inclusive environment where a diverse group of people can and want to do their best work, and that starts with our hiring practices.

Identifying information includes your name, photos, LinkedIn URL, email address and more."
15	12 days ago	True Link Financial Advisors	Data Science and Analytics Lead	"True Link is a fast-growing, mission-driven fintech company that provides quality financial services for people whose needs go unmet by traditional institutions. Backed by $50M from top-tier investors like Khosla, Initialized, and QED, we’re looking for a candidate who’s excited to bring their data science expertise to a company where they can deliver both social and business impact.
We’re hiring an experienced data scientist to build our data science, analytics, and insights function from the ground up. As the data science & analytics lead, you will deliver impact not just with insightful analysis, but by helping accelerate a culture of data-driven decision making at True Link.
Reporting directly to the VP Product, this is a hands-on leadership role. You’ll start as a high-impact, high-visibility individual contributor; the right candidate will have the opportunity (if desired) to help build out a data science organization as True Link scales.
What You'll Do
Lead our end-to-end data science and analytics capabilities, from data telemetry to pipeline & warehousing design to insight generation
Collaborate with our engineering and product teams to design & implement a performant data and analytics stack, including both transactional and event data
Drive advanced analysis to identify key areas for product, marketing, and business investment
Collaborate with our business and product leadership teams to help define critical KPIs and areas of focus
Accelerate a culture of data-driven decision making by empowering the broader True Link team with access to great self-service tools for accessing & analyzing data
Who You Are
This is a senior IC role, although the ideal candidate will also help build out True Link’s future data science team. Strong candidates have 5-7+ years of analytical/data-focused professional experience, with bonus points for related academic experience (e.g. BS in statistics, math, or engineering, and/or MS in statistics, data, or information systems).
We expect this candidate to demonstrate leadership across multiple fronts:
Technical Leadership
The ideal candidate will demonstrate deep technical experience across the data lifecycle, from telemetry to data warehousing to insight generation. These include demonstrated expertise with:
Data collection (telemetry) best practices, including instrumenting for both transactional and event data
Expertise designing performant data architecture, including practiced understanding of best practices for data warehousing & ETL pipelines
Mastery of the tools of the trade, including using tools like SQL and scripting languages (python and/or R)
Insight Generation
In addition to technical data skills, the data lead will demonstrate expertise in helping us understand which questions to ask in the first place.
This includes both the application of common analytical frameworks (like cohort analysis, growth accounting, and funnel optimization) and ad hoc deeper-dive analyses that may require a variety of techniques, including more statistical and machine learning-driven approaches.
Communication & Collaboration
The data lead will also excel at cross-functional collaboration, including direct partnership with business line and functional team leadership. They will also help build a culture of data-driven decision making at True Link, including by broadening self-service access to data across the company.
Why You'll Love Us
We’ve got the energy and passion of a startup combined with the professionalism of a financial services firm and the compassion of a mission-driven organization that truly cares about the people we serve.
Customer obsessed, mission driven, and high growth
Our customers are not only grateful for our services but are the absolute best. We have the privilege of providing financial protection for vulnerable members of society and partnering with expert service providers to do so. Our customers and partners love us, and we love them back. You can sleep soundly every night knowing you are doing a wonderful thing by getting our services into more hands.
We’re just getting started! With fifty million Americans in our addressable market, we are growing quickly into a large financial services company that will be developing new products you will help us shape and take to market.
We’re a fast-growing fintech company with real revenue, backed by $50M in venture capital from some of the best investors around, including Khosla, QED, and Initialized
Culture
We treat one another like we treat our customers: with 100% respect and dignity. Diversity and inclusion are cultural values we take very seriously, and we welcome team members of all backgrounds and identities.
Our offices are dog friendly and filled with snacks, catered lunch, and a group of friendly, caring people. We’re happy to still be enjoying laughs with colleagues and appearances of furry friends over Zoom for now.
With offices across the country, we welcome applicants who want to join our existing and future offices (in SF, Denver, NYC, and Kingston, NY) when it’s safe to work alongside each other again (and remote until then).
Want to work remote longer-term? We also have years of experience collaborating with our many team members who prefer to work from home, and welcome applicants from anywhere in the United States.
Benefits
We offer competitive wages, Health, Dental & Vision coverage, and an awesome vacation package.
If you are a high-performing person who wants to join a diverse, inclusive team and use your skills to make a real impact in people’s lives, we invite you to apply to join our team."
16	5 days ago	Eagle Genomics Ltd	Data Scientist	"These are exciting times at Eagle Genomics. We’re at the centre of the digital reinvention of life sciences R&D, using the latest technologies to enable data-driven discovery. As we plan for ambitious, accelerated growth, we have expanded our network of offices in technology and innovation hubs around the world: in the UK, Germany, India, the US and France. So the stage is set to make great steps forward.
The Role
You will work jointly with scientists, bioinformaticians and data/software engineers to make sense of a variety of data sources, and to automate the entire data science lifecycle. You need the capacity to analyse large amounts of data, build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms and generalise such models into packageable and reusable data science tools. The ability to innovate, abstract and create is key. You will work with complex, meshed and hyper-dimensional data, combine modelling techniques, generalise them and package them to be used by end users (scientists).
Requirements
Strong programming experience in either R or Python.
Working knowledge of Linux - this will be tested in the programming test
Proven track record in analysing and interpreting large data sets and statistical analysis - need to have that statistical background and large data sets knowledge - computational biology
Degree in relevant fields such as statistics, computer science, computational biology, etc. A Ph.D. degree is not required but preferred.
Solid knowledge of machine learning and deep learning techniques
Highly organised with a meticulous attention to detail.
The ability to communicate clearly and effectively with specialists from your own and other fields

Experience in at least one of the following domains:
Natural Language Processing
Bioinformatics, Biostatistics or Genetics
Graph-based methods and knowledge graph building and inference

Preferred but not required:
Industrial experience working with a multidisciplinary team
Publications in academic setting and patents in commercial setting
Benefits
25 days annual leave (rising annually to 28)
Private medical insurance and health cash plan
Life cover insurance (3x annual salary)
Cycle to work scheme
Group Personal Pension scheme contribution
Employee share option scheme
Enhanced Maternity, Paternity, Adoption and Shared Parental Leave
Support for continuous professional development"
17	11 days ago	Cognizant Technology Solutions	Azure Data/ ETL Engineer with Databricks	"We are Cognizant Artificial Intelligence

Digital technologies, including analytics and AI, give companies a once-in-a-generation opportunity to perform orders of magnitude better than ever before. But clients need new business models built from analyzing customers and business operations at every angle to really understand them.

With the power to apply artificial intelligence and data science to business decisions via enterprise data management solutions, we help leading companies prototype, refine, validate and scale the most desirable products and delivery models to enterprise scale.


You must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future *

Job Title – Azure Data/ ETL Engineer with Databricks

Client Location- Las Vegas, NV (100% remote is permitted for this position)

Oversee the ETL activities that populate the different layers in the Azure data platform


Collaborate with EDW architect, other data engineers and developers to create an ETL solution that meets requirements
Enforce adherence to ETL standards/principles, global product-specific guidelines, usability design standards, etc.
Identify, recommend and implement ETL process and architecture improvements
Provide guidance to the development team and verify that the solution fulfills business requirements & adheres to the ETL architecture standards
Review ETL work products from team members
Prior experience in a fast paced & complex environment
Self-starter, motivated and able to work independently while being a good team player.
Good to have: knowledge on analytic models to consume unstructured and social data

Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : May 31 2021

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
18	30+ days ago	Metis	Data Scientist	"Job Title
Data Scientist
Job Description
We are looking for Data Scientists to be part of the Metis Data Science Instructional Team. We seek individuals who love and are passionate about teaching others to be premier data scientists, excel at analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems, and are fun to be around and work with. An ideal candidate should be quick to learn and adapt, care about the design of simple, powerful, beautiful interfaces and visuals, love writing code, thrive in creative team efforts, and also have interests and passions beyond data science.
Responsibilities
Metis Data Scientists provide incredible and inspiring Data Science instruction; support the design and teaching of new products and courses and infuse their expertise into our business operations, and continually sharpen their skills through consulting and project explorations.
Co-Teaching the Data Science Bootcamp
Metis Data Scientists co-teach our immersive bootcamps and short immersive courses. On any given day, the amount of lecture time is 1-2 hours, and the remainder of the day is spent directly engaging with and coaching individually the students. The responsibilities include:
Teaching lessons
Leading course discussions
Providing personalized support to students
Improving the quality of our curriculum
Offering career guidance and interview support to our students and alumni
Developing Courses and Supporting Business Operations

Metis Data Scientists spend time focused on internal operations and thought leadership. Some examples of how that time gets used includes:
Creating new courses and/or enhancing existing courses
Optimizing our admissions process
Improving our data engineering and workflow
Speaking at events and conferences
Writing articles and blogs
Assisting with instructor recruitment

Ideal Applicant
Has an exceptional background in at least two of the following three skill domains:
Computer Science
Math/Statistics
Data Science/Machine Learning
At least 1 year of solid data science industry experience
Fluent in Python (NumPy, pandas, sklearn)
Preferably has some teaching experience
Has excellent communication and listening skills
Approaches problems with a design perspective
Is passionate about continuous learning
Does not take themselves too seriously
Perks of the Role
Part of a team that is transforming education
Competitive compensation package
Opportunity to network and develop, both among Metis’ Data Science speaker community, as well as through Kaplan, the global education company and parent company of Metis
Opportunity to work remote
Location
Remote/Nationwide, USA
Additional Locations
Employee Type
Employee
Job Functional Area
Instructors
Equal Opportunity Employer"
19	30+ days ago	Press Ganey Associates, Inc.	Data Science Linguist	About Press GaneyPress Ganey pioneered the health care performance improvement movement more than 30 years ago. Today, Press Ganey offers an integrated suite of solutions that enable enterprise transformation across the patient journey. Delivered through a cutting-edge digital platform built on a foundation of data security, Press Ganey solutions address safety, clinical excellence, patient experience and workforce engagement. The company works with more than 33,000 health care facilities in its mission to reduce patient suffering and enhance caregiver resilience to improve the overall safety, quality and experience of care.Position Description/Overview: Press Ganey is looking to hire a self-motivated linguist with programming experience, ideally someone that enjoys solving linguistic puzzles. The primary goal is to craft syntax rules with high precision, and then evaluate their performance on baseline datasets. An ideal candidate for this job would have some experience with healthcare facilities (hospitals, inpatient settings, outpatient settings, emergency departments), but that is not required.Duties & Responsibilities: Create and edit high-precision syntactic rules and evaluate their performance on baseline datasets.Monitor performance of the NLP pipeline and identify potential improvements to sentiment and category prediction algorithms, including the identification of analysis coverage gaps.Assist in the improvement of ontology architecture, including both hierarchical organization and entailment structure between nodes.Assist in the identification and implementation of NLP analysis expansions and prototype additional NLP pipelines for additional or anomalous data types.Provide NLP analysis and general linguistic support to QA team and others involved with data review or communication of analysis.Ensure accuracy and quality of deliverablesExhibit interpersonal skills that foster collaborative working relationships.Document work.Qualifications: Bachelors or higher in Linguistics, or Computer Science or Engineering with experience in Natural Language Processing.Coursework in Syntax and Semantics.Experience crafting regular expressions for string matching.Python or R programming experience, 1-2 years.Native English proficiency (the data is in English).Additional Skillsets Desired:Experience with tgrep.Information extraction evaluation (precision, recall, F1).Familiarity with Machine Learning models (training and prediction).Familiarity with Healthcare processes and settings.Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree requiredAll positions at Press Ganey require an applicant who has accepted an offer to undergo a background check. The specific checks are based on the nature of the position. Background checks may include some or all of the following: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. By applying for a position with Press Ganey, you understand that you will be required to undergo a background check should you be made an offer. You also understand that the offer is contingent upon successful completion of the background check and results consistent with Press Ganey's employment policies. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required for the position.For more information about Press Ganey, visit our web site at pressganey.comPress Ganey Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and well committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Notice – Press Ganey will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.Back ShareApply NowJob Type: Full-time
20	18 days ago	US Geological Survey	Supervisory Interdisciplinary Biologist/ Physical Scientist (Foundational Data and Analysis	"Duties
Summary
What General Information Do I Need To Know About This Position?

This is an interdisciplinary position and is being advertised concurrently with the following announcements:
Open to all U.S. citizens under: USGS-RES-21-11094189-DE-DG
Responsibilities
As a Supervisory Interdisciplinary Biologist/ Physical Scientist (Chief Foundational Data and Analysis)within the Core Science Analytics and Synthesis , some of your specific duties will include:

Provides biological and ecological data, information, and scientific expertise and leadership to key SAS foundational data products such as Protected Areas Database of US (PAD-US), Biodiversity Information System Serving our Nation (BISON), Ocean Biogeographic Information Systems (OBIS-USA), and National Fish Habitat Partnership datasets.
Responsible for setting the strategic direction, oversight, and management of various species habitat and range data sets, and other biodiversity data sets and analysis activities critical to DOI Bureau's land management priorities.
Serves as managing supervisor and lead for Bio Foundational Data and Analysis Team staff and other partner organizations not located at the incumbent's direct duty station. Develops and implements program plans, including annual budget and work plans, prepares status reports and maintains appropriate records.
Participate and/or lead intra- and inter-agency technical, scientific, and programmatic meetings representing Program data products, the USGS, and/or the Department particularly when biodiversity information and advice is required. Represents USGS at conferences held by other Federal agencies, state and local organizations, universities, professional societies and international organizations.

Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel on average 3 to 5 nights per month for this position.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0401 General Natural Resources Management And Biological Sciences
1301 General Physical Science
Similar jobs
Biological Scientists
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Key Requirements:

Applicants must be U.S. Citizens.
Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by background investigation.
Selectee may be subject to serving a one-year probationary period.
More requirements are listed under Qualifications and Other Information.
Selectee must provide a valid state driver's license & safe driving record.

Are There Any Special Requirements For This Position?
This position requires completion of a one year supervisory/managerial probationary period, if one has not previously been completed.
You will be required to operate a government-owned or -leased vehicle in the performance of your official duties.? Applicants for this position must meet the following requirements:?(1) possess a valid State license, and (2) possess a safe driving record.? If selected, you will be required to provide proof of a valid State license & a copy of your driving record.
Because this position requires travel for official business, the selectee will be required to apply for a charge card within 30 calendar days of appointment. Individuals who have delinquent account balances from a previous Government charge card will be required to satisfy their existing obligation before a new card can be issued.
A background investigation will be required for this position. Continued employment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication. Failure to successfully meet these requirements will be grounds for termination.
Throughout the recruitment and hiring process we will be communicating with you via email; therefore, it is imperative that the email address you provide when applying for this vacancy remains active. Should your email address change, please notify the point of contact identified in the vacancy announcement as soon as possible so that we can update our system.
If you are a Federal employee applying for a promotion (under merit promotion procedures) you must meet time-in-grade requirements by the closing date of the announcement.

Qualifications
BASIC EDUCATION REQUIREMENT FOR BIOLOGIST, GS-0401: Applicants must meet A or B below to satisfy the basic education requirement for Biologist, all grade levels.

A. Degree in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position.

B. Combination of education and experience-courses equivalent to a major, as shown in A above (24 semester hours or the equivalent in biological sciences, agriculture, natural resource management, chemistry, or related disciplines appropriate to the position), plus appropriate experience and/or additional education for a total of 4 years. The education or combined education and experience must be comparable in type, scope and thoroughness to that acquired through successful completion of a 4-year course of study as described in ""A"" above.

BASIC EDUCATION REQUIREMENT FOR PHYSICAL SCIENTIST, GS-1301: Applicants must meet A or B below to satisfy the basic education requirement for Physical Scientist, all grade levels.

A. Successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours or the equivalent in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.

B. A combination of education and experience-education equivalent to one of the majors shown in ""A"" above (24 semester hours or the equivalent in physical science, engineering, or mathematics) that included at least 24 semester hours or the equivalent in physical science and/ or related engineering science as described above, plus appropriate experience and/or additional education for a total of 4 years. The education or combined education and experience must be comparable in type, scope and thoroughness to that acquired through successful completion of a 4-year course of study as described in ""A"" above.

FOR GS-14:

In addition to the basic education requirement as stated above, applicants must meet the following to qualify for the GS-14 level:

Possess one year of appropriate professional experience that is in or directly related to the duties of the position to be filled is qualifying if it is equivalent to at least the GS-13 level in the Federal service, and if it equipped the applicant with the knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.

Examples of such experience may include Examples of such experience may include: serving as a senior expert involved in physical science work for which technical problem definitions, methods and/or data were highly incomplete, controversial, or uncertain and whose evaluations and recommendations were accepted by others as those of a technical expert in the physical sciences. planning and leading biology projects of substantial depth and/or breadth; 2) analyzing and interpreting biological related project data with novel and obscure problems and publishing or preparing results of findings; 3) developing new or significantly modified biological techniques, methods, or criteria; 4) providing advisory, planning, or reviewing services as a technical specialist on a biological issue

You must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements for the position by the closing date of the announcement.
Education
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education completed in colleges or universities outside the United States may be used to meet the above requirements. You must provide acceptable documentation that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. For more information on how foreign education is evaluated, visit: https://www.usgs.gov/about/organization/science-support/human-capital/how-foreign-education-evaluated-federal-jobs .

Additional information
Other Information:

Applicants who include vulgar, offensive, or inappropriate language or information in their application package will be ineligible for further consideration for this position.
Under Executive Order 11935, only United States citizens and nationals (residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) may compete for civil service jobs. Agencies are permitted to hire non-citizens only in very limited circumstances where there are no qualified citizens available for the position.
USGS employees are subject to Title 43, USC Section 31(a) and may not: (a) have any personal, private, direct or indirect interest in lands or mineral wealth of lands under survey; (b) have any substantial personal, private, direct or indirect interests in any private mining or mineral enterprise doing business with the United States; or (c) execute surveys or examinations for private parties or corporations.
The application contains information subject to the Privacy Act (P.L. 93-579, 5 USC 552a). The information is used to determine qualifications for employment, and is authorized under Title 5, USC, Section 3302 and 3361.
DOI uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.
The DOI places a high value on diversity of experience and cultural perspectives and encourages applications from all interested eligible candidates, including candidates from all ethnic and racial backgrounds, women, LGBT individuals, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Agency Benefits:
USGS has determined that the duties of this position are suitable for telework and the selectee may be allowed to telework in accordance with the DOI Telework policy and with supervisor approval. The official worksite for the selectee is the duty station identified in this vacancy announcement. The selectee will typically report to this duty location on a regular and recurring weekly basis.
For additional information on our internal telework policy, please reference the Department of the Interior Telework Handbook at: https://www.doi.gov/telework/policies.
Working for the U.S. Geological Survey offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays; health, life, dental, vision, and long term care insurance, flexible spending accounts, and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
-Vacancy Related Questions: As part of the online application process, you will need to respond to a series of questions designed to assess your possession of the following knowledge skills, abilities and/or competencies: Technical Reporting, Teamwork, Written Communication, Attention to Detail, Problem Solving, General Abilities and Knowledge, Scientific Knowledge, Scientific Records, Leadership & Supervision, Collect Scientific Data.
-Basis of Rating: You will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position. If you are eligible, you will receive a numerical rating based on your on-line responses to the application questions. These responses must be substantiated by your resume. If you do not respond to the application questions you may be rated ineligible.

Due weight will be given to performance appraisals and awards during the interview/selection process conducted by the hiring manager. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.
-NOTE: If it is determined that you have rated yourself higher than is supported in your description of experience and/or education as described in your resume/application, or that your resume or application is incomplete, you may be rated ineligible, not qualified, or your score may be lowered.

To preview the announcement questionnaire, click here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11094200

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
Required documents may be: (1) uploaded directly from your desktop; or (2) uploaded directly from your USAJOBS stored attachments.

Transcripts-If this position requires specific educational course work to qualify, or you are qualifying based in whole or part on education, you are required to provide all unofficial transcripts (undergraduate, graduate, etc.) or list of course work, which includes semester hours earned and grade received, by the closing date of this announcement or you will be disqualified from further consideration. Please ensure that all documentation is legible.

Current & Former Federal Employees-If you are a current career or career-conditional Federal employee OR a former Federal employee who has reinstatement eligibility? you must submit the following by the closing date of this announcement, or you will not receive consideration as such:

a copy of a recent SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action"" documenting proof of competitive status, tenure, position title, occupational series, grade level and step?; and
your most recent performance appraisal (if you do not have your most recent performance appraisal, please submit an explanation as to why it is unavailable); and
if applicable, a list of any awards you received in the last 5 years (i.e., superior performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increase, etc.).
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA)-If you are claiming eligibility under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA), you must submit proof that supports your claim. This may include:
A legible copy of your DD-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, member 4 copy or any official documentation or statement from the Armed Forces that confirms your dates of service and that your separation, discharge, or release from active duty was under honorable conditions.
If you are currently on active military duty, you must provide documentation (e.g., campaign document, award citation, etc.), that verifies entitlement to veterans' preference or that shows length of service, AND that your character of military service is honorable.
Additional information can be found in the VetGuide.

Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) & Inter-agency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) Eligibles-If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, the Servicing Human Resources Office must receive proof by the closing date of this announcement that you meet the requirements of 5 CFR 330 Subpart F for CTAP and 5 CFR 330 Subpart G for ICTAP or you will not receive priority consideration. This includes:
copy of the agency notice;
your most recent Performance Rating; and
your most recent SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location.
If you are a CTAP or ICTAP eligible, you will be considered well qualified if you earn a minimum score of 85 (prior to the assignment of veteran's preference points). For more information on CTAP/ICTAP please click here.

Land Management Workforce Flexibility Eligibles-If you are applying as a current or former employee of a land management agency, i.e., Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, or the U.S. Forest Service who is serving or previously served on a temporary or term appointment under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, you must submit the following documentation by the closing date of this vacancy announcement in order to receive consideration:
SF-50(s), Notification of Personnel Action, that documents your service under competitive examining procedures in time limited appointments that totals 2 or more years at land management agencies; and
Documentation of satisfactory performance such as performance evaluations or references by supervisors or other documents, e.g., memorandums of record, whereas the supervisor documented an acceptable performance level.
Additional information can be found here.

Eligibility for Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying for this position based on eligibility under a special appointing authority, you must submit proof that supports your claim by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit proof, you will not receive consideration under the special appointing authority. Below is a list of the most common authorities and the documentation requirements. If you're eligible for an authority not listed, you are responsible for submitting documentation that's appropriate for that specific authority.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS CONTINUED BELOW IN THE HOW TO APPLY SECTION.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Federal employees - Excepted service
Current excepted service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current or former Federal employees w/perm comp status; OR those eligible under a special or noncomp appointing authority (e.g.,VRA, disabled, Pathways Interns & Recent Grads who are elig for noncomp conversion, etc.); OR current or former employees who are serving, or previously served, on temp or term appt in a land mgmt agency; OR veterans with preference or have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after approx 3yrs or more of continuous active service."
21	25 days ago	Standard Cognition	Machine Learning Platform Engineer	"At Standard Cognition, we’re revolutionizing the way the world shops. By replacing cash registers with computer vision-powered checkout, we’re creating a frictionless experience for shoppers. Since launching in 2017, Standard has contracts with multiple global retailers and is in the process of deploying our Standard Checkout solution across thousands of stores globally. We’re backed by some of Silicon Valley’s leading investors including Softbank, CRV, Initialized, EQT, Draper Associates and YCombinator. We just announced our series C in February 2021!


We’re building real-time vision based system to completely map an entire store and automate most retail operations to provide customers with a frictionless checkout experience. We use machine learning and large-scale data to elevate customer experience, improve efficiency, and reduce costs in the world of retail. We train our models on large datasets of multi-camera perspective images which enables us to build and experiment with a huge diversity of approaches. We are a mix of researchers and production engineers from all kinds of backgrounds, and find that a diversity of perspective helps the problem solving process. You’ll be designing, building and deploying machine learning solutions into production.

This is a FULL TIME remote role located anywhere in the United States.


What you'll do here:
Build, evolve, and scale state-of-the-art machine learning system infrastructure.
Creating data pipelines and overall workflow orchestration to cover data needs for ML Engineers.
Write production level code to deploy and scale existing machine learning models.
Build monitoring tools to understand the data quality and performance of complex system.
Write and scale out state of the art deep learning models to power autonomous stores.
Who you are:
You have a strong engineering background with experience in data infrastructure and/or distributed systems.
You are well versed in working with a cloud technology stack (eg. AWS or GCP).
You are an expert with Python, Docker, Kubernetes, and Infrastructure as code (e.g. terraform).
You have a deep understanding of how to use deep learning frameworks (like tensorflow, pytorch etc).
You have developed machine learning models.
Only meet some of these traits or experiences? We'd still love to hear from you!

Why you might want to work with us:
We take care of you and your family with health, vision, and dental insurance.
You will have the option to contribute to a 401k.
You're excited to work on a product that will impact almost any consumer, almost anywhere.
Standard is a remote first company. We trust you to get your job done in the location that works best for you.
We dress casually. Some of us wear slippers in the office. In current work from home standings, we’re super comfy.
We believe in a culture of learning, and want to keep building our skills, experiences, and capabilities.
We offer flexible work schedules. We trust our team to know how they will do their best work.
We're family friendly. We want our teammates to focus on what they need to when they need to.
We offer very competitive compensation, including equity in Standard, to each one of our employees.
Standard provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and abilities.


Not quite ready to apply? Send us an email at jobs@standard.ai. Someone from the team will follow up to answer your questions."
22	30+ days ago	Origin	Data Science Engineer	"Description:

About Origin
Origin teams with modernizing utilities to deploy and operate key business systems. Origin offers software, services, and managed solutions. We are steadfast in delivering the kind of trusted collaboration that utilities need, and we are proven, over 13 years, in navigating industry change smoothly and efficiently. Origin will be the #1 Service, Software and Solutions provider to the Utility Industry, and you can help us get there!
Origin will provide an environment where you can grow professionally, enjoy work-life balance, do work that matters, and directly impact our shared financial outcomes. We move fast, smoothly, and smartly. We constantly scan for opportunities to engage with and help our customers. Software, Services, Solutions – you can have multiple careers within Origin. We will provide career tracks that fit your ambition and personality.
The Position
We are seeking a Data Science Engineer to begin building machine-learning, AI-enabled technology. If you are passionate about the web, data, and innovation, Origin is interested in you!
This will be a full time, salaried position for residents of the Delhi, India NCR greater metro area, who are authorized to work in India without further documentation or work visa. No overseas candidates will be considered. No third-party or agency candidates will be considered.
This is a remote / work-from-home position. You must be equipped with a home office and stable internet connectivity. Hours are regular daytime business hours with occasional evening calls.
However, as we are looking to build our local presence, current residence in India is required, and location in the metro and surrounding area of Delhi, New Delhi, Gurugram or Noida is strongly preferred.
Job Duties and Responsibilities/Essential Job Functions
Prototyping automated decision systems.
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.
Ad-hoc analyses and presentations of sample web-based AI technology, and best practices in the field.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of performance.
Creating algorithms to store data returned from the web in a Database.
Identifying trends and indicators through analysis of data-rich, logic-heavy functions, and producing actionable reporting.
Other duties as assigned. Further details will be provided during interviews.
. Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or an equivalent technical field.
Strong knowledge and experience in Data Science analytics and Data Engineering.
Familiarity with building APIs and extracting data from the web.
Experience or knowledge in building web scraper tools.
Extensive hands-on experience with Python. Additional experience in R and/or Java is helpful
Proficiency in SQL relational databases. Preferred experience in PROSQL and SAS software. Additional experience with noSQL databases (BigQuery, Presto) is also helpful.
Experience with version control systems such as Git.
Ability to analyze and design A/B test.
Familiarity with machine learning techniques and algorithms (k-NN, SVM, DT, etc.).
Demonstrated experience in analysis and reporting of data-rich, logic-heavy functions; and identifying trends and indicators in the data.
High degree of analytical creativity, adept at problem-solving.
Recent demonstrated experience owning, developing, and executing advanced (multi-variate) predictive statistical models as part of your primary responsibilities (data extraction, cleaning, manipulation, analysis, and presentation).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to apply quantitative analysis techniques to solve real-world business problems.
Location
This will be a full time, salaried position for residents of the Delhi, India NCR greater metro area, who are authorized to work in India without further documentation or work visa. No overseas candidates will be considered. No third-party or agency candidates will be considered.
This is a remote / work-from-home position. You must be equipped with a home office and stable internet connectivity. However, as we are looking to build our local presence, current residence in India is required, and location in the metro and surrounding area of Delhi, New Delhi, Gurugram or Noida is strongly preferred.
Disclaimer
This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee and is subject to change as business needs change."
23	30+ days ago	NCI Information Systems Inc.	ML/AI Software Engineer I	"Overview:

NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. NCI's AI solution, Shai(tm), scales humans with artificial intelligence by empowering the workforce to meet their mission by using best in class AI solutions coupled with our exceptional service offerings. Working with strategic partners, NCI is committed to bringing commercial innovation to missions of national importance. NCI is a mid-tier systems integrator headquartered in Reston, VA, and operates at locations across the globe.
NCI has been designated a 2020 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com

Responsibilities:

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS BY LEVEL:
ML/AI SOFTWARE ENGINEER I

Qualifications:

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelors degree or equivalent related experience
EXPERIENCE REQUIRED BY LEVEL:
I: 0-5 Years
PREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions:
Sitting for long periods
Standing for long periods
Ambulate throughout an office
Ambulate between several buildings

About NCI:

It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor."
24	21 days ago	Cognizant Technology Solutions	Cloud Data Architect	"Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.

Cloud Data Architect- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*

AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice

This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights

Location and Travel: Charlotte, NC or REMOTE

Design and architect end to end solutions on AWS .

Design, build and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.

Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc.

Resolve non-functional requirements such as performance, security, maintainability, scalability, monitoring, fault tolerance and cost.

Setup DevOps for AWS.

Monitor all production issues and inquiries and provide efficient resolution. .

Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.

Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : May 13 2021

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
25	30+ days ago	Synergistic Compusoft Private Limited	Hiring Data Science Machine Learning Trainer	"Job responsibility would involve Interacting and Mentoring US based candidates
Full Time : 8:30 PM to 5:30 AM (IST)
Part Time: 09:30 PM to 12:30 AM - 3 Hours (IST)
Working Days (Part Time/ Full Time) -Mon to Fri
Interested candidates, please share their updated resume at sakshi@synergisticit.com

4.00-12.00 Years

Bachelor Of Technology (B.Tech/B.E)"
26	10 days ago	Techire AI	Principal Machine Learning Scientist (NLP/Conversational AI)	"Some people call conversation a dying art.

But the data says they’re wrong. Billions of conversations happen every day, with those numbers only increasing with advancements in tech. The thing that’s changing is our ability to better organize those conversations.

We’re working with one business who’s at the coalface of this. They’ve developed AI powered customer support software, so companies can automate tens of millions of conversations with their customers – providing a personalised experience at scale.

They’re already solving these problems for household names – the likes of Shopify, Upwork, Facebook, Mailchimp, Medium, and Zoom.

You’ll lead the technical direction for the Machine Learning technologies and research initiatives, while defining the long-term strategic objectives for the ML team. You’ll define and lead ambitious, high impact, novel research projects to deliver product innovations and research publications. You’ll provide guidance, support, feedback, and leadership to your team, bringing forward new ideas and innovation.

Joining a newly structured ML team, you’ll work on NLP projects like a system for custom entity recognition for clients who train their own types, to be detected in user messages and included in answer training. This involves expanding existing default entities and generating automatic answer content and training from existing support data and live chat logs, to rapidly speed-up client onboarding.

You’ll need significant experience as a ML researcher or engineer, with a deep understanding of NLP, ML and Dialog / Conversational AI technologies and research. You’ve already worked on ML strategy and made high level, strategic decisions. A contributor to highly referenced ML research or open-source ML tooling – you’re a recognized thought leader in your own right. You’ll need to be highly skilled in Python, PyTorch or Tensorflow. A PhD is great, though not essential.

Here, you’ll get real autonomy around shaping the roadmap and technical direction. They’re a very well-funded and secure company, leaders in their space with a strong product market fit. There’s limitless opportunity to make an impact, and you’ll be encouraged and empowered to do so within a culture that’s defined by ground-breaking results, career progression, and community investment.

You’ll get a salary of $150-$185k (USD) or alternative currency equivalent. The benefits package is exceptional and includes unlimited PTO (with a requirement to take 2 weeks minimum), extended health coverage at 100%, plus dental / optical / travel insurance, life insurance with options, and a Family Assistance Plan.

There’s also access to a generous annual wellness spending account, a leading wellness program (yoga and meditation), and an in-house social worker. In fact, wellbeing matters so much for this company, they added an additional “wellness day off” for every month during covid.

This role is fully remote, there’s a work from home budget, and completely flexible working hours. No 9-5, unless that’s what you want.

Ready to have a conversation? Apply now.

We’ll get back to you within 48 hours."
27	30+ days ago	Cognizant Technology Solutions	AI & Analytics Data Scientist	"We are Cognizant Artificial Intelligence

AI and analytics give companies a once-in-a-generation opportunity to perform orders of magnitude better than ever before. In order to do so, our clients need new business models built from analyzing dynamically changing customer and business operations data to drive ideal business decisions.

Chances are you're not looking for business as usual. Neither are we. Find out more about our student and entry level opportunities. Cognizant’s AI and Analytics (AIA) Practice has a challenging Data Scientist role.

A New Generation of Cognizant

Cognizant’s Generation Cognizant or “Gen C” program is internally recognized as the future of Cognizant and includes associates that are hired into the company through our campus recruitment channels. This program is designed to be the perfect bridge between academia and the corporate world allowing associates to Start Smart and Think Big. Check out these videos to hear from Current Gen C’ers on what the associate experience is like within Cognizant.

Leadership Commitment

Cognizant leadership has strategically devoted a lot of attention to our Gen C program and fully recognizes these associates as the future of Cognizant. This stems from the investment dollars spent on developing our talent. Gen C AIA associates are introduced to the company culture immediately via a weeklong training program headed by Cognizant Academy. They are then provided around two months of role specific technical training to ensure a successful client placement. At the end of each training cycle, associates attend our Cognizant Graduation Ceremony where they get to interact with some of AIA’s most senior leaders.

AIA Studio Collaboration Center

In order to support our Gen C studio center delivery model, a collaboration hub has been established in Plano, Texas. This collaboration hub or “solution center” acts as the main office for all things Gen C. Associates typically work remotely for their clients from this office. (Note: There are certain cases in which clients request their associates be located onsite therefore this role is considered to be Nationwide). The office is designed to be as collaborative as possible with wide open seating and many white boarding rooms. Associates note that there is always a quiet hum due to the number of innovative conversations going on.

Career Launchpad

With so much innovation and creativity happening in one place, there is bound to be someone that has faced a similar challenge within the building. Instead of spending countless hours furiously trying to understand why your code will not compile, rely on your colleagues as a resource to overcome barriers. Associates are also paired with a mentor within the first month of joining Cognizant. These mentors act as a safety net for the associate to ask questions and seek advice. Mentor relationships are cultivated using our Chronus mentoring tool, ensuring associates get the most out of their relationships.

Responsibilities

A Data Scientist in the AI and Analytics Practice brings relevant context to complex data for business and IT for intelligent systems and human decisioning. They work within the domains of data management, business intelligence, descriptive analytics and advanced modeling. They will use a variety of machine learning and AI approaches to deliver better, faster, and smarter insights and intelligence to some of the world’s most successful businesses – our clients. Specific responsibilities include:

Building an in-depth understanding of the opportunity, challenge or issue in the domain and its associated data

Interact with and integrate large, diverse and impactful datasets across business functions

Research, design, implement, and evaluate advanced analytics, including machine learning models

Take initiative in evaluating and adapting new approaches and methods from data science research

Investigate data visualization and summarization techniques for conveying key findings

Responsible for effectively telling the “data and analytics story” to business users in a clear and concise manner

Communicate findings, obstacles and opportunities to stakeholders to help drive the delivery to market

Bring value from data to business users

Basic Qualifications

Graduate degree in IT-related field and 0-3 years of IT experience

Strong problem solving and analytical thinking skills

Strong business communication skills, both written and oral

Hands on experience in data cleaning and data quality assessment, hypotheses testing, data exploration and mining, visualization techniques, algorithm selection and building predictive models using traditional as well as machine learning algorithms

Hands on experience with traditional modeling algorithms (e.g. regression, log-regression, clustering, predictive modeling, etc.)

Hands on experience with Python and R/R Studio

Exposure to working with SQL, Relational Database Management Systems (e.g. SQL Server, Oracle)

Distinguishing Qualifications

Familiarity with advanced machine learning algorithms such as neural networks and other deep learning approaches

Familiarity with developing and deploying models on the Hadoop environment

Some experience with AWS Sagemaker, Google TensorFlow or MS Azure ML

Experience with collaborative development workflows (e.g., Microsoft VSTS)

Working knowledge of application development using Hadoop components (HDFS, Spark, Hive, etc.)

Working knowledge of Tableau or other BI visualization tools, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, SAS

Open Source Tools in any of the above with experience in D3/R/Shiny/Python/GitHub

Awareness of Narrative Science/ YSEOP/Automated Insights and concepts of NLG/NLP

Why choose us?

Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired. If you’re comfortable with ambiguity, excited by change, and excel through autonomy, we’d love to hear from you.

Our commitment to you: Working with one of the top Data Science firms, using some of the most advanced and patented evolutionary AI capabilities.

Your innovative thinking and successes will be rewarded with opportunities for career advancement.

You will gain experience across a wide variety of projects and industries with one of the world’s premier Data Science firms.

You can make a difference working with high-profile clients and projects to create meaningful solutions through true collaboration

Due to the nature of this positon Cognizant cannot provide sponsorship for U.S. work authorization (including participation in a CPT/OPT program) for this role.
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Job Posting : Apr 09 2021

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
28	11 days ago	University of North Texas Health Science Center	Data Science Strategist	"Welcome to the University of North Texas System, or UNT World as we like to call ourselves. UNT World includes the University of North Texas in Denton, the University of North Texas at Dallas and the University of North Texas Health Science Center in Fort Worth. We are the only university system based exclusively in the robust Dallas-Fort Worth region and we are committed to transforming lives and creating economic opportunity through education. We are growing with the DFW region, enrolling a record 47,000+ students across our system and awarding nearly 12,000 degrees each year.

Posting Title Data Science Strategist

Department HSC-Library-300540

Job Location Remote

Full Time/Part Time

Salary Information Salary Commensurate with Experience

Department Summary
The University of North Texas Health Science Center at Fort Worth, Gibson D. Lewis Library serves as the Regional Medical Library (RML) for the Network of the National Library of Medicine (NNLM) Region 3. As the RML, we coordinate outreach services and provide programming on behalf of the National Library of Medicine throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Texas. This office is funded through a cooperative agreement from the National Library of Medicine, an institute of the National Institutes of Health. Employees will be expected to reside within or be willing to relocate to one of the seven states (AR, KS, LA, MO, NE, OK, TX) served by Region 3. Some travel is expected.

Position Overview
The Data Science Strategist will specifically serve as the point person for NNLM Region 3 in 1) developing capacity in the region to conduct data science and/or deliver data services in support of data-driven research and health, 2) contributing to NNLM-wide data science initiatives, 3) assessing regional data science needs, and 4) forming partnerships throughout the region to increase the impact of regional and national data science programs. As a secondary outreach function, this role may assist with providing programming and training around clinical information and research support, evidence-based practice, and telehealth. This person will work with the NNLM Data Science Center to execute strategy at the regional and national level.

Minimum Qualifications
Master’s degree in library or information science and two (2) years of related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Ability to work successfully in a collaborative, team-based environment
Strong presentation skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Health information programming or community health education experience
Strong service orientation and ability to work effectively with colleagues, health professionals and consumers in a diverse, multi-cultural community


Preferred Qualifications
Experience providing public services in both academic and community settingsDemonstrated experience with tools and technologies for data management, analysis, and visualization, such as Tableau, GIS, SPSS, DMPTool, REDCap, etc.
Experience with conducting one-on-one consultations or providing instruction
Knowledge of the academic and biomedical research process
Knowledge of applications for 3D and Virtual Reality (VR)

Required License / Registration / Certification

Work Schedule
M-F, 8-5. Occasional weekends.

Driving University Vehicle No

Security Sensitive This is a security sensitive position.

EEO Statement
The University of North Texas System and its component institutions are committed to equal opportunity and comply with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University of North Texas System and its component institutions do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status in its application and admission processes, educational programs and activities, and employment practices.

Classification Title Librarian

Physical Requirements Carrying, Driving, Lifting up to 25 pounds, Sitting, Standing, Walking, Writing, Ability to communicate

Job Duties
o
Conduct outreach, build relationships, and provide training to Network members in Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Texas on concepts and programs related to Big Data, Data Science, data visualization, and related topics in partnership with subject matter experts and the NNLM Data Science Center.

o
Consults and translates regional data science needs and opportunities into innovative outreach and education programs for promoting NLM tools such as MyNCBI and ClinicalTrials.gov.

o
Provide secondary support for programming and training for clinical health information and research as well as other similar topics of interest such as telehealth.

o
Applies basic data science skills as relevant and/or needed to assist in the functional operations of the Regional Medical Library (i.e. membership, reporting, marketing, etc).

o
Raises awareness of, promotes, and assesses both NNLM and Region 3 programs, services, and funding activities.

o
Keep current on local, state, and regional issues and news as it relates to data science to inform the development and deployment of programming and training.

o
Additional duties as assigned.

Posting Number S2034P

Position End Date (if temporary) 04/30/2026

Special Instructions to Applicants"
29	19 days ago	Verizon	Lead Data Engineer	"When you join Verizon
Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here.
What you’ll be doing...
We are honored that you are considering Visible as your next place of employment. Visible is the first all-digital wireless carrier in the U.S. Named by Fast Company as one of the most innovative companies in the world, Visible offers unlimited messages, minutes, and data, on Verizon’s Network. Visible is designed to fundamentally change the way millions of consumers sign up for and manage their phone service. Although headquartered in Denver, we have a permanent Work from Home Structure, and our team members work remotely.
Visible Engineering Team is looking to hire a Lead Data Engineer. As a Lead Data Engineer, you will be solving deep technical problems and building innovative solutions in a fast paced environment working with smart and passionate team members. You’ll drive innovation, profitability, revenue, and business growth opportunities by applying advanced database modeling and implementation skills and follow data architecture design principles to support the generation of insights, metrics, analytics, and self-service business intelligence across Visible. You will be detail oriented, self-directed, self-motivated, with a strong capacity for working successfully and collaboratively with members across the organization.
Design, build and support data processing pipelines and APIs.
Gather requirements, design data processes and implement solutions to provide AI and ML insights.
Collaborate with off-shore data engineers.
Design and implement ETL mappings and workflows.
Ensure that code adheres to defined standards and best practices for performance, speed, scalability, and quality.
Practice Agile development methods and exemplify core Agile values of transparency, collaboration, acceptance of change, and iterative development.
Routinely deliver working data solutions that meet or exceed specifications and performance goals.
Facilitate technical conflict resolution with active listening and critical thinking.
What we’re looking for...
You’ll need to have:
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Six or more years of relevant work experience.
Software engineering experience, including Java, Python, and/or related languages.
Experience with relational database technologies (Postgres, MySql, etc) including SQL.
Even better if you have:
A Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field.
Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) BigQuery, Dataflow.
Experience leading large-scale projects.
ETL or Data cleansing & normalizing.
Big Data, data analysis, log mining, and automated reporting.
Experience mentoring and growing data engineers.
Deep knowledge of Data Modeling / Gap Analysis.
Experience doing query performance tuning.
Implemented Machine Learning models (Neural Networks, Deep Learning, TensorFlow) and other Artificial Intelligence techniques.
Experience with big data stack: Hadoop, HDFS.
Ability and willingness to learn new technologies quickly.
Ability to work in a highly collaborative Agile team.
Demonstrated aptitude and desire to learn new skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to embrace change and work in a fast paced, dynamic environment.
Compensation
Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, Stock Together, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances.
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between $107,200 and $199,200 based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an incentive based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours.
Equal Employment Opportunity
We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more."
30	26 days ago	Drizly	Data Scientist, Operations	"Who we are
Drizly is the world’s largest alcohol marketplace and the best way to shop beer, wine and spirits. Our customers trust us to be part of their lives – their celebrations, parties, dinners and quiet nights at home. We are there when it matters - committed to life’s moments and the people who create them. We partner with the best retail stores in over 1400 cities across North America to serve up the best buying experience. Drizly offers a huge selection and competitive pricing with a side of personalized content. That is what we do. Who we are is a different story.
We are more than just another tech company. There is an intellectual curiosity that occurs at Drizly. We have a desire to question, to understand, to figure it out. Bottom line, we solve it. We value not just the truth but the process to get to the truth, to deliberate, decide and then act. Most importantly, we care. We care about our customer. We care about our company. We care about our team. There will be long days and incredible challenges.
We are blazing a trail in an industry that hasn’t changed in nearly a century, and that doesn’t scare us (well, not all the time) -and even when it does, it doesn’t stop us, it energizes us.
Do you see yourself here? Read on.
Who you are
You are tech savvy and have performed the duties of developing and implementing operations data science products that are defined and executed in a collaborative environment. You have balanced partner needs and demands across multiple teams to get results (OKRs) with limited allocated resources for supporting DS product implementations. You have a second nature level of comfort with SQL, Python, Scikit, Git, and local/cloud based development environments (e.g. JupyterLabs, Databricks or equivalent).
You've had a proven track record of applying machine learning, linear and mixed-integer programming to operations opportunities (e.g., forecasting, optimizations, scheduling, etc.). You have worked collaboratively with DS peers and software engineers to integrate products and are comfortable working in a shared codebase; while adhering to engineering standard methodologies (code hygiene, version control, secrets management, etc.). You've worked with operations groups and partnered with teams to conduct DS product roadmapping exercises to jointly identify and prioritize opportunities. You are driven towards innovation with data science, and are a forward thinker, designing DS products not only for the immediate needs but aligned to where the ops teams are heading in the future.
What the role is

This role is open because we have substantial goals for how Drizly engages with its customer base going forward, the average Drizly customer is more valuable than ever, and the value of a 1% improvement to existing processes is larger than it’s ever been. The role will be responsible for developing, prioritizing, and executing on the top opportunities identified in the Operations DS roadmap that spans across the Sales team, Account Management (including onboarding), Retailer Services, People Operations, and Internal Tools. Data science opportunities that are implemented by this person will touch all aspects of the Drizly Flywheel; from becoming more than just a ecommerce/delivery platform to our retailers - to being a brand associated with helping retailers better run their business, to forecasting Out-of-Stock items before a customer has a negative experience not getting that product they needed to improve the life’s moment it was intended to help build, etc. Ultimately, this person will enable our operations teams and retail partners to maximize the potential of the Drizly platform through functionality integrated data science.
Please note: this role can be performed remotely anywhere in the United States with the exception of Colorado.
In this role you will:
Develop DS products roadmap across the Operations Team
Refine, prioritize, and execute data science opportunities in a collaborative manner
Ship iterative data science product versions in an experimental fashion to rapidly adapt and improve the products
Collaboratively supervise and report value creation from DS products with the Operations Teams


The Other Stuff:
Competitive salary
One-on-one professional coaching with an external expert
Health, Dental and Vision Insurance
Flexible vacation policy
401(K) Plan with Employer Match
Added perks
You do you.
Drizly is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
BEFORE YOU APPLY...
We ask that you please remove all identifying information from your resume before you upload it on the next page in an effort to help us remove unconscious bias from our resume review process. Drizly is committed to cultivating an inclusive environment where a diverse group of people can and want to do their best work, and that starts with our hiring practices.

Identifying information includes your name, photos, LinkedIn URL, email address and more."
31	30+ days ago	Eurofins Central Laboratory	Data Review Associate Scientist	"Lancaster, PA, USA
Employees can work remotely
Full-time
Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company, providing a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries, to make life and our environment safer, healthier and more sustainable. From the food you eat, to the water you drink, to the medicines you rely on, Eurofins works with the biggest companies in the world to ensure the products they supply are safe, their ingredients are authentic and labelling is accurate. Eurofins believes it is a global leader in food, environmental, pharmaceutical and cosmetics products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, CDMO, advanced material sciences and in the support of clinical studies.
In over just 30 years, Eurofins has grown from one laboratory in Nantes, France to over 50,000 staff across a network of more than 900 independent companies in over 50 countries and operating more than 800 laboratories. Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200,000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety, identity, composition, authenticity, origin, traceability and purity of biological substances and products, as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services, as one of the leading global emerging players in specialised clinical diagnostics testing.
 In 2019, Eurofins generated total revenues of EUR € 4.56 billion, and has been among the best performing stocks in Europe over the past 20 years.
Additional Information
Position is full-time, Monday - Friday 8:00am - 4:00pm. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of Lancaster, Pa are encouraged to apply.
Excellent full time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, dental, and vision options
Life and disability insurance
401(k) with company match
Paid vacation and holidays
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer."
32	30+ days ago	Protocol Labs	Data Scientist, CryptoEconLab	"We seek a passionate and talented Data Scientist to drive various data analytics projects for Protocol Labs and its ecosystem as part of CryptoEconLab.
CryptoEconLab
Cryptoeconomics Lab at PL aspires to become a research hub for research on economic incentives, coordination games, and novel marketplaces. We aim to develop capacity to design, validate, deploy, and govern large-scale economic systems. CryptoEconLab strives to empower projects in the ecosystem through novel incentives and advance humanity’s understanding of multiagent systems and algorithmic steering of economic networks.
As a CryptoEconLab Data Scientist you will…
Study and analyze real-life deployment of the IPLD, libp2p, IPFS, and Filecoin protocols and propose improvements to them.
Collect, process, and analyze data to derive insights and make recommendations to business strategies and protocol governance.
Design and develop predictive models and algorithms for ecosystem growth and governance.
Analyze and validate designs of new cryptoeconomic systems.
Work with stakeholders in the ecosystem to drive growth and enable new opportunities.
Work in a fully asynchronous and remote team.
Minimum Qualifications:
BS/MS in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Network Science or a related field, or extensive practical experience.
Strong experience and familiarity with a variety of data mining/data analysis tools, techniques, and concepts.
Experienced with implementing models, simulations, and data visualization and using distributed data/computing tools.
Track record of driving business results with data-driven insights.
Passionate about deriving insights from large datasets and work with different teams to improve outcomes and processes.
Comfortable with publishing analysis and inspiring others to participate.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and chart new territories.
Highly-Valued Bonus Points:
PhD in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Network Science or a related field.
Prior experience with robotics, network analytics or financial mathematics.
Familiarity with Web3 ecosystem and blockchain technologies.
Prior entrepreneurial experience.
Knowledge of security and cryptography.
Proven experience in developing robust, reusable, and maintainable code.
What’s it like to work at Protocol Labs?
Protocol Labs mission is to improve humanity’s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more.
As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds.
We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family."
33	14 days ago	Cognizant Technology Solutions	Data Engineer	"Location and Travel: Sunnyvale, CA - 100% remote


This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*

Cognizant is looking for Data Analyst. As a trusted advisor, responsible for providing an approach for the overall project. As a domain specialist, you will drive technology discussions and analyze the existing gaps in addressing business needs. You are a thought leader-comfortable challenging the status quo to enhance our current services and technologies.

About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.

By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.

Managing master data, including creation, updates, and deletion.

Experience in SQL & Python.

Provide quality assurance of imported data.

Commissioning and decommissioning of data sets.

Processing confidential data and information according to guidelines.

Helping develop reports and analysis.

Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.

Generating reports from single or multiple systems.

Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports.

Evaluating changes and updates to source production systems.

Training end users on new reports and dashboards.

Providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.

Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to demonstrate the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.

Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft significant solutions through true teamwork.

Ind123

#LI-PS1

#CB

msja

Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : May 25 2021

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
34	30+ days ago	Triangulate Labs	Data Science Engineer	"Triangulate Labs is looking for a Data Science Engineer who will work closely with our technically minded founders to build and validate predictive analytics models using machine learning. You can expect to work on internal research and development as well as specific client engagements.
What we’re looking for:
Strong probability and statistics background
Proficient in predictive analytics
Proficient with Python and/or R and current high-performance machine learning libraries
Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field– Advanced degree is a plus
Collaborative attitude
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future
This is a full-time position based in Cincinnati, Ohio. Telecommuting may be considered for experienced candidates.
Interested in joining our team? If you are ready to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, apply by sending your resume and cover letter to contact@triangulatelabs.com."
35	7 days ago	US Secretary of the Navy Offices (SECNAV)	OPERATIONS RESEARCH ANALYST (DATA SCIENTIST)	"Duties
Summary
This is a public notice flyer to notify interested applicants of anticipated vacancies. Applications will not be accepted through this flyer. Interested applicants must follow the directions in the ""How to Apply"" section of this flyer to be considered. There may or may not be actual vacancies filled from this flyer. Notice of Result letters will not be sent to applicants who respond to this flyer.
Responsibilities
You will serve as an integral member of a data support team that provides insights based on data on a broad range of special topics.
You will be responsible as a data scientist to use programming, statistics and visualization to gather insights from large and disparate data sources.
You will develop and apply quantitative and qualitative analytic methods to identify, collect, process and analyze large data sets for specified purposes.
You will identify trends, solve analytical problems, optimize performance, and develop results through appropriate data analysis technique (e.g., data mining and retrieval).
You will build scripts and algorithms using R and/or Python and collaborate with domain experts to analyze large volumes of data to build and enhance products, processes and systems.
You will determine approaches and strategies to market statistical and methodological services to new or potential partners or customers.
You will conduct interviews with customers to verify data requirements and needs.
You will participate in the development of data analysis project criteria, protocol, and planning documents .
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
1515 Operations Research
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final Secret security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
Qualifications
GS-12: Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: determining the best advanced statistical techniques to perform comprehensive data analysis using statistical programming languages like R or Python to identify, collect, process, and analyze large sets for specified purposes.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/operations-research-series-1515/

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following positive education qualifications requirement of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual. Applicants must possess:

Basic Requirements:

Degree: in operations research; or at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or statistics. At least 3 of the 24 semester hours must have been in calculus.

Evaluation of Education:

The primary requirement of operations research work is competence in the rigorous methods of scientific inquiry and analysis rather than in the subject matter of the problem. Therefore, applicants should have sufficient knowledge of applied mathematics to understand and use the fundamental concepts and techniques of operations research methods of analysis. In addition, some positions may require knowledge of a specific subject area.

Courses acceptable for qualifying for operations research positions may have been taken in departments other than Operations Research, e.g., Engineering (usually Industrial Engineering), Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or Management Science.

The following are illustrative of acceptable courses: optimization; mathematical modeling; queueing theory; engineering; physics (except descriptive or survey courses); econometrics; psychometrics; biometrics; experimental psychology; physical chemistry; industrial process analysis; managerial economics; computer science; measurement for management; mathematical models in social phenomena; and courses that involved application of operations research techniques and methodologies to problems of management, marketing, systems design, and other specialized fields; or other comparable quantitative analysis courses for which college-level mathematics or statistics is a prerequisite. Courses in theory of probability and statistics are highly desirable, but are not specified as minimum educational requirements because to do so would possibly exclude some applicants who would otherwise be well qualified.
Additional information
This announcement uses the Direct Hire Authority to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to certain positions in the competitive service.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

If selected below the full performance level, you may be noncompetitively promoted to the next higher grade level after meeting all regulatory requirements, and upon the recommendation of management. Promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Several vacancies may be filled.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

As vacancies occur, the Human Resources Office will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this flyer. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume, along with your supporting documentation.

If selected, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All qualification requirements must be met before being considered for any vacancies.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
U.S. Citizens"
36	30+ days ago	VTG	Data Scientist	"Overview:

We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our Cloud, Cyber, and Data Analytics team at our Corporate Headquarters office in Alexandria, VA (note: Due to COVID-19, this position requires full time telework at project start). This is a senior position supporting cloud computing/DevSecOps for a predictive analytics research and development project in support of COVID-19 N dimensional data visualization that offers outstanding opportunities for learning and career advancement. Ideal candidates will have strong technical aptitude, hands on programming capability, curiosity, and desire to build cool innovative tools while working as a member of an Agile team. This position involves work in a Linux/AWS Cloud environment supporting analytics focused cloud data models and architectures.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with Principal Investigator and team to develop and implement predictive data analytics models, algorithms, and applications using a variety of data sources, programming languages, and cloud-native technologies.
Produce and document conceptual designs, methodologies, data models, algorithms, perform software development, integrations, testing, and validation of data analytics models, perform data acquisition, validation, cleansing, and analysis as needed. Integrate predictive models into the SynGlyphX 3-D data visualization platform.
Collaborate to design, code, test, and validate models and analytics applications following Agile CMMI Level 3 practices.
Support the team with all other duties as needed.
Qualifications:

Required Skills:
Master's degree or combination of coursework and work experience in related field.
Excellent problem-solving skills with solid background in math, statistics with solid cloud skills, demonstrated proficiency with Linux command line and hands on experience with data analytics and ML tool infrastructures (e.g. Hadoop) with strong familiarity with modern data analytics principles, practices, methods, and tools or analytics.
Experience in the design, documentation, and development of predictive analytics models and algorithmic approaches using a wide variety of methodologies such as Monte Carlo Simulation.
Ability to work on an Agile Scrum team using CMMI Level 3 practices.
Demonstrated programming skills in a variety of current languages - (e.g: R, Python, Julia, Java, JavaScript, SQL etc), demonstrated proficiency with Linux command line and hands on experience with data analytics and ML tool infrastructures (e.g. Hadoop).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level clearance.
Preferred Skills:
Active IC or DoD Security Clearance a plus.
AWS Certification a plus.
This position is contingent upon contract award"
37	30+ days ago	Aledade	Data Analyst / Senior Data Analyst – Impact Analytics, Remote	"We are seeking new members of our Impact Analytics team at Aledade to support intervention strategy and development, evaluate the impact of Aledade’s population health interventions, and use innovative methods to answer pressing business questions. The Data Analyst will design and conduct analyses that leverage rich data sources including national Medicare claims, other payer claims, electronic health records, event notification, and patient-reported data. They will work across teams to understand key performance and policy questions facing the business and bring data to inform strategic and tactical decision making. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in health care analytics, an understanding of population health strategies, and a passion for having a direct impact on primary care practices and contributing to a data-driven organization.
We are flexible with respect to geographic location, and the ideal candidate will be comfortable working remotely/work from home within the US.
As a Data Analyst, you will be responsible for:
Driving organizational learning about which population health interventions and other factors achieve cost savings and improved health outcomes in Aledade’s network of independent primary care practices.
Designing and executing descriptive and predictive analyses to identify opportunities to improve care delivery, contribute to population health product development, and inform Aledade’s growth strategy.
Working across teams at Aledade and with external partners to design field experiments, including randomization and quasi-experimental approaches. Monitor study implementation and data collection. Execute rapid cycle data analyses.
Working with teams across Aledade to identify implications of analysis results and translate findings into action. Develop dashboards, reports, and data visualizations that communicate insights from the data and inspire action.
Presenting analysis results to internal and external audiences, including company executives, product development and ACO operations teams, and clinical staff at Aledade and in our partner practices.
Contributing to broader dissemination of learnings via external publications, conferences, and other venues as applicable.
Preferred qualifications:
Excellent quantitative analysis abilities, grounded in epidemiology, biostatistics, econometrics, health informatics, health care analytics or related field.
Demonstrated ability to conduct nuanced analyses to produce accurate and unbiased results and tell the story of those results in data visualizations and reports.
Experience in descriptive and predictive analysis methods, including regression and classification techniques.
Experience with causal analysis including designing and conducting experimental and quasi-experimental studies (e.g., randomized trials; regression discontinuity, difference-in-differences, instrumental variables, and matched designs).
Experience with health care data sources such as claims, electronic health record, event notification, clinical, and patient reported data.
Advanced data manipulation skills, including a strong foundation in SQL programming.
Knowledge of standard methods for measuring health care utilization, spending, quality, and outcomes; risk adjustment; provider profiling; and related analytical tasks.
Intense attention to detail and data quality assurance.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and manage competing deadlines and priorities.
Thinks beyond their immediate team and contributes to making Aledade holistically better (active engagement in D&I efforts, culture initiatives, facilitating training, leading roundtables, etc.)
If you are passionate about transforming the healthcare system into one that best serves the needs of patients, doctors, and society, we’d love for you to join us!
Who We Are:
Aledade is a leader in population health that is using innovative, value based solutions to transform the way physicians interact with their patients. We are on a mission to change healthcare for the better and solve complex problems within the healthcare system.
We follow the simple but radical idea that Aledade only succeeds when our partner practices succeed. From our cutting-edge technology platform to practice transformation services, we provide physicians with everything they need to create and run an accountable care organization (ACO), revamping the way they practice and getting them back to where they should be: quarterbacking their patients’ health care!
Our customized solutions help clinicians in communities across America preserve their autonomy, deliver better care to their patients, reduce overall costs, and keep independent physician practices flourishing.
What Does This Mean for You?
At Aledade, you will be part of a creative culture that is driven by a passion for tackling complex issues with respect, open-mindedness, and a desire to learn. You will work with team members that bring a wide range of experiences, interests, backgrounds, beliefs, and achievements to their work, united by a shared passion for public health and a commitment to the Aledade mission.
We’ve recently been recognized as a Top Workplace by The Washington Post, Best Workplace in HealthCare & Biopharma, Top 100 Best Small & Medium Workplaces, Glassdoor Best Places to Work, a Best and Brightest Companies to Work for in the Nation, a Tech Tribune 10 Best Tech Startups in Maryland and Bethesda, Best Tech for Good, Best Workplaces for Millennials, Best Workplaces for Women, Best Workplaces for Parents, and a 2020 Inno on Fire by DC Inno.

That’s because the things that matter to you also matter to us!
In addition to time off to support work-life balance and enjoyment, we offer the following comprehensive benefits package designed for the needs of our team-members:
Flexible work schedules and ability to work remotely available for many roles
Educational Assistant Program
Robust time off plan (21 days of PTO in your first year!)
Paid Volunteer Days
10 paid holidays
12 weeks paid Parental Leave for all new parents
6 weeks paid sabbatical
Health, dental and vision insurance paid up to 80% for employees, dependents, and domestic partners
401(k) with up to 4% match
Stock options
Monthly cell phone stipend
Weekly catered lunches
Jeans everyday workplace
Gender neutral bathrooms
And more!
At Aledade, we don’t just accept differences, we celebrate them! We strive to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified individuals representing the diverse communities where we live and work. Aledade is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Employment policies and decisions at Aledade are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), gender identity or expression, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or sexual orientation."
38	30+ days ago	Drexel University	Postdoctoral Researcher - Artificial Intelligence	"Job no: 495773
Work type: Full-Time
Location: University City - Philadelphia, PA
Categories: College of Computing and Informatics, Drexel University
About Drexel

Drexel is a comprehensive global research university ranked among the top 100 in the nation. With over 24,000 students, Drexel is one of America's 15 largest private universities. Drexel is one of Philadelphia's top 10 private employers, and a major engine for economic development in the region. Drexel has committed to being the nation’s most civically engaged university, with community partnerships integrated into every aspect of service and academics.

Job Summary

Drexel University's College of Computing and Informatics is seeking applications for a Postdoctoral Researcher. The position is funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The purpose of the funded study is to develop an Artificial Intelligence (AI) system that can automatically diagnose medical conditions from point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) imagery. The project aims to develop novel AI approaches for leveraging domain knowledge to learn accurate models for new conditions given only a small amount of labeled training data.

The role of the Postdoctoral Researcher is to provide support in extracting POCUS domain knowledge from both medical experts and unlabeled ultrasound imagery and leveraging this knowledge to develop explainable AI models. Knowledge will be extracted from medical experts using a combination of cognitive task analysis (e.g., interviews and think aloud) and interactive machine learning (e.g., experts will interactively provide examples of key POCUS features and diagnosis explanations and feedback on the outputs of learned models). Domain knowledge will also be extracted from unlabeled POCUS imagery with unsupervised representation learning (e.g., neural network based sparse coding). Collected domain knowledge will be used within explainable AI models (e.g., simple classification models with neural-network/case-based reasoning twins to support explainability) to learn accurate classifier with just a small amount of labeled data for target medical conditions.

We are seeking candidates for a one-year appointment (renewable), with the possibility of remote work. The ideal start date for the position is 1 June 2021.

Essential Functions

Extract POCUS domain knowledge from both medical experts and ultrasound imagery for use in AI model development.
Develop explainable AI models for automated diagnosis of medical conditions from POCUS imagery.
Prepare and submit manuscripts to appropriate conferences/journals in the field.
Prepare technical reports for internal uses as well as for submission to funding agency.
Help manage and advise graduate and undergraduate students.
Interact professionally with all members of the research group.

Required Qualifications

PhD in computer science, information science, human-computer interaction, or a related area

Preferred Qualifications

Strong background in artificial intelligence (particularly in machine learning methods such as representation learning and interactive machine learning, as well as knowledge representation and explainable AI).
Experience or interest in extracting knowledge for AI models using cognitive task analysis methods (e.g., think-aloud, interviews, or interactive machine learning).
Technical skills in statistics, writing abilities, and good communication skills.

Physical Demands

Typically sitting at a desk/table

Location

University City

Additional Information

This position is classified as Exempt with a salary grade of I. For more information regarding Drexel’s Professional Staff salary structure, https://drexel.edu/hr/career/ducomp/salstructure/

Special Instructions to the Applicant

Please make sure you upload your CV/resume and cover letter when submitting your application.

Additional Required Documents

Please have two letters of recommendation sent directly to Chris MacLellan (christopher.maclellan@drexel.edu). If you would like more information or if you have any questions or inquiries, please contact Chris MacLellan.

Review of applicants will continue until a suitable candidate pool is identified.

Advertised: May 18 2021 Eastern Daylight Time
Applications close: Jul 18 2021 Eastern Daylight Time"
39	30+ days ago	Zippin	Research Scientist, Deep Learning	"Are you passionate about doing research on groundbreaking computer vision /deep learning algorithms that fundamentally change the way we shop? Come join the ML Science team at Zippin as a Deep Learning Research Scientist where your deep learning skills will help accelerate the adoption of checkout-free shopping across the globe. You'll work in a collaborative environment where you can pursue ambitious, long-term research, with many peta-bytes of data, work on problems that haven’t been solved before, quickly implement and prototype new ideas and see them in production by collaborating with our Engineering team.

The ML science team works on a broad range of technologies and seeks to innovate in all areas of checkout-free retail including people detection, people tracking, object recognition, camera calibration, SLAM, activity recognition, gesture recognition, sensor fusion, and semantic understanding. We’ve collected a massive database of complex real-world data that we can use to validate our approaches. Zippin's stack is built with OpenCV, Tensorflow, Docker.

You will be directly reporting to our co-founder and chief scientist and take part in defining the company's AI innovation, supervise its execution and communicating the same to executives and, most importantly - drive innovation! If the combination of real data, real users, and cutting-edge applied research appeals to you, then we’d love to talk!
This position can be remote in the US or Toronto, Canada.
#LI-Remote


Requirements
Research experience with a successful track record of delivering quality results and/or academic publications in top CV, CG, or ML venues
Expertise designing and training novel deep learning (DL) architectures for CV with a broad understanding of DL methods and literature
Expertise in machine learning spanning supervised and unsupervised learning methods, and applying ML to real-world problems
Strong mathematical skills with knowledge of statistical methods and optimization
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras or PyTorch
Strong software development experience in languages such as Python, C++
Great interpersonal skills
MS (PhD preferred) in Computer Science or related field
Familiarity with trending and state-of-the-art technology in computer vision and/or machine learning.
Responsibilities
Conceptualizing, designing, implementing, and validating potential CV and ML algorithmic solutions for automating retail and checkout
Work cross-functionally with engineers, scientists, and product leaders across teams, to help define and prioritize problem requirements
Running offline experiments and building prototypes to evaluate the algorithms
Understand limitations in algorithms and data and innovate to solve these problems
Contribute to the design and improvement of our ML platform, data collection and requirements
Nice to haves
Computer graphics, video understanding, 3D, or adversarial training
Audio, NLP, or multi-modal algorithms
Recommendation Systems, Active Learning, or Reinforcement Learning
There's never been a more exciting time in retail. Frictionless experiences are being demanded by shoppers who are tired of waiting in line and want to zip in and out of their favorite stores.
Zippin provides autonomous checkout for leading brick & mortar retailers. Shoppers just walk into stores, pick up the items they want, and then leave. We use machine learning, computer vision, and sensor fusion to automatically charge shoppers when they walk out—no more checkout lines.
Zippin is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with additional offices in San Carlos - CA, Toronto - Canada, and India. Industry veterans from Amazon, SRI, and VMware founded the company and raised over $15M in venture funding from Evolv, NTT Docomo, SAP, and Maven Ventures.
Zippin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We're committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we're excited to learn what you can add to our team."
40	30+ days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Principal Data Scientist - Telecommute	"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Advanced Analytics team within OptumRx’s Digital Analytics and Intelligence uses sophisticated algorithms and techniques to resolve some of the hardest problems to improve our customers digital experiences. The team uses a blend of scientific, problem solving, and quantitative skills to develop and deliver groundbreaking methods addressing critical problems in our digital environment. The Advanced Analytics team collaborates across product, design, engineer and IT team through data science, machine learning and AI.
Do you want to be part of a growing data science and data engineering team that is helping to shape the digital experiences for millions of customers? As a Principal Data Scientist , you will work cross-functionally with data scientists, engineers, analysts, and product managers to design, develop and deploy state-of-the-art machine learning models that deliver world-class personalized and unique experiences for millions of our customers, including web portals and apps. You will build machine learning and AI based experimentation, optimization, recommendation, and personalization capabilities that make our products engaging to our customers. You will glean actionable insights from Optum’s vast trove of data, translate business problems into predictive models and evolve the core personalization recommendation system. You drive best practices and set standards for experiments and optimization. You are a key influencer in experiment strategy.
This is a unique, high visibility opportunity for someone who wants to have business impact, dive deep into large scale machine learning, reinforcement learning, enable measurable actions and work closely with product and engineering teams. This position will report directly to the Director of Data Science.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Purpose of Position:
Design and implement state-of-the art machine learning algorithms and systems to personalize and optimize the entire experience for our members to support OptumRx Digital MBO's
Partner with product, design, engineer and IT teams to design, develop and deploy machine learning solutions in production
Derive actionable insights from best-in-class tools and technologies (Python, Spark, SQL, Databricks, Azure, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, TensorFlow etc.)
Key member of cross-functional capability teams delivering predictive models, recommender systems, online and offline experiments and product experience optimization
Primary Responsibilities:
Design, develop, deploy and improve production-grade scalable recommender systems, machine learning and statistical predictive models in a big data environment that drive Optum’s digital personalized experiences across web portals and apps. This encompasses predictions, recommendations as well as UX optimization
Build end-to-end advanced machine learning and reinforcement learning models. e.g. XGBoost / Light GBM, neural networks (auto-encoders, feedforward networks, RNNs/CNNs, etc.), bandit / Bayesian algorithms, Thompson sampling, UCB, TD learning, Q-learning, Monte Carlo simulation, collaborative filtering, recommendation algorithms and more
Carry out A/B test experiments, rigorous offline and online experimentation, and understand basics of causal inference
Lead by example: promote deep scientific expertise, constant learning, attention to detail, and best practices while always being friendly, humble, and open to challenging any assumptions
Collaborate with data engineers, product managers and capability teams to coordinate timely deployments from conception to release
Champion and define best practices to maximize learnings while mentoring junior data scientists and data engineers to grow their skills, create a collaborative environment, and employ tools and methodologies to test, revise and improve models
Research new machine learning solutions to complex business problems
Manage internal engagements, meeting project and deliverable timelines, ensuring the accurate and timely completion of deliverables and communication findings to non-technical audience and senior leadership
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, machine learning, data science, engineering, computer science or related discipline
3+ years of relevant experience developing and delivering effective machine learning and/or statistical models, experiments, and recommender systems to drive product development
1+ years of experience with at least one of the following algorithms: bandits, Thompson sampling, deep learning, reinforcement learning, recommendation systems, and/or causal inference
Experience collaborating effectively with cross-functional teams such as leadership, product management, and engineering with willingness to inspire other data scientists
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with experimental design, testing, and analyzing, e.g. A/B testing, multivariate testing, online and offline experiments, exploration and bandits
Deep knowledge of probability, statistics and machine learning algorithms and be able to determine when to apply them
Solid technical and programming skills in Python and SQL. Familiarity with big data platforms (like Spark, Databricks), machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, MXNet or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, and scikit-learn) with ability to learn new technologies quickly
Experience with real-time optimization models with delayed reward (multi-armed bandits, reinforcement learning)
Experience developing recommender systems for personalized experience or similar
Experience developing models for production quality machine learning solutions at scale
Experience with natural language processing
Knowledge of Azure, or similar cloud platforms
Experience presenting to both technical and non-technical audiences and a history of publications or presentations at conferences
Solid communication skills - ability to succinctly communicate results and tell compelling stories with data to any audience (e.g. presenting findings and deep dives to senior leadership)
Careers with OptumRx. We're one of the largest and most innovative pharmacy benefits managers in the US, serving more than 12 million people nationwide. Here you'll fill far more than prescriptions. As a member of one of our pharmacy teams, you're empowered to be your best and do whatever it takes to help each customer. You'll find unrivaled support and training as well as a wealth of growth and development opportunities driven by your performance and limited only by your imagination. Join us. There's no better place to help people live healthier lives while doing your life's best work.(sm)
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter policy.
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $94,500 to $171,700. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: Principal Data Scientist, Lead Data Scientist, Data Scientist, Machine Learning, Recommender Systems, Bandit, bandit, Bayesian algorithms, Thompson Sampling, Algorithms, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Recommendation systems, TensorFlow, Spark , Telecommute, Remote, Work from Home"
41	21 days ago	K12 Services	Data Science Associate	Over 20 years ago, Stride was founded to provide personalized learning — powered by technology. We reached students where they were in their own journeys. We knocked down their barriers to great education. And we gave every learner equal opportunity to succeed — however they defined success. Stride innovated the learning experience with online and blended learning that prepared them for their lives ahead.No matter their age, wealth, or environment, every learner possesses unique talents and boundless potential. Every learner is ready to be inspired by a great education. While many students thrive in traditional brick-and-mortar schools, others are limited by a system that simply doesn't fit their needs. Stride is establishing the kind of personal learning that everyone can access.Whether providing students with unique opportunities for growth or empowering educators with the tools and knowledge they need to succeed, we know personalized education works. We're steadfast in our dedication to the entire education community. And we're energized to best serve every learner, educator, and enterprise. This philosophy demands a culture driven by an earned trust, constant improvement, and creative innovation. We’re all in.The Data Science Associate assists in the preparation, design and execution of analyses and deployed models improving the academic and business outcomes of K12 schools and services. The position participates as a member of the data science team in identifying and analyzing school data, proprietary data, and third-party data to answer thoughtful and relevant research questions and provide replicable, well-documented analyses with clear confidence intervals and/or automated, deployed models and visualizations.Essential Functions: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.Perform data collection, organization and modeling improving academic and business at K12;Draft reports summarizing analyses conducted and presentations that provide high-level overviews of methodology (design and analysis) and major conclusions, constraints or cautions, specific action recommendations, and mechanism for assessing outcomes of those actions;Prioritize replicable work, posts all code and documentation in shared repositories;Collect data routinely and independently as requested to monitor and report on implementation of specific initiatives;Provide quality assurance of imported data, working with quality assurance analyst, if necessary;Process confidential data and information according to guidelines;Support initiatives for data integrity and normalization;Generate reports from single or multiple systems;Train end users on new reports and dashboardsSupervisory Responsibilities: This position has no formal supervisory responsibilities.Minimum Required Qualifications:Bachelor’s degree in Information Analytics, Computer Science, Statistics or a related field, or equivalent trainingThree (3) years of relevant professional experience, including at least one (1) year of experience performing action and outcome-oriented data analysis OREquivalent combination of education and experienceCertificates and Licenses: None required. Data Science degree or certification preferred.Other Required Qualifications:Demonstrated experience in handling large data sets and relational databasesDemonstrated success in working collaboratively with other professional staffExcellent verbal and written communication skillsExperience coding statistical and/or machine learning models in R or PythonExperience writing queries in SQLAbility to travel up to 10% of the timeAbility to clear required background checkDesired Qualifications:Experience in K12 education as a teacher or researcherCoursework specific to research design, evaluation, and statistical analysisExperience and training in data scienceMaster’s degree in relevant fieldExcel VBAWork Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.This can be an office-based position in a typical office setting (conversation, phones, light foot traffic, computers, printers, etc.), with the possibility of remote/home-office location. We are seeking applicants from Washington, D.C, and from any state except ColoradoThe above job is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions, and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor. All employment is “at-will” as governed by the law of the state where the employee works. It is further understood that the “at-will” nature of employment is one aspect of employment that cannot be changed except in writing and signed by an authorized officer.Stride, Inc. is a Federal Contractor, an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected Veteran status age,, or genetics, or any other characteristic protected by law.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
42	29 days ago	Buoy Health	Lead Data Scientist	"Job to be done
We’re the best way to get better.

About Buoy Health:
Buoy builds a digital health tool that helps people – from the moment they get sick – start their health care on the right foot. Started by a team of doctors and computer scientists working at the Harvard Innovation Laboratory in Boston MA, Buoy was developed in direct response to the downward spiral we’ve all faced when we attempt to self-diagnose our symptoms online. Buoy leverages artificial intelligence – powered by advanced machine learning and proprietary data - to resemble an exchange you would have with your favorite doctor – to provide consumers with a real-time, accurate analysis of their symptoms and help them easily and quickly embark on the right path to getting better. Buoy is based in Boston and was founded in 2014.

About the role:
As a Lead Data Scientist, your core responsibility is to leverage Buoy data to solve problems intelligently and creatively. You will work with Buoy's product and medical teams to improve the accuracy and efficacy of Buoy's clinical and care recommendation AI. You will apply both classical and modern machine learning techniques. You will formulate hypotheses and design experiments to evaluate them. You will develop, specify, and implement validation methods that scale. You will communicate insights about user behavior, agent behavior, data quality, and data completeness to different teams across the company. To be successful, you must have a keen interest in data-driven decision making and helping people make better decisions about their health.

Responsibilities:
- Plan and execute on the delivery of scalable machine learning pipelines to support Buoy’s’ core products
- Ensure models running in production are testable and well-monitored- Mentor analysts, data scientists, and other engineers in subjects pertaining to data science and machine learning
- Work closely with product and clinician teams to plan projects and structure work in an Agile development process
- Identify areas of innovation, formulate research hypotheses, and rapidly prototype new models
- Design, formulate, validate, and clearly document experiments to test models and solutions

About You:
- BS or graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related
- At least 5-7 years professional experience as a machine learning engineer or data scientist
- Experience in both rapid prototyping and experimentation, as well as in bringing machine learning models into a production environment
- Deep knowledge in one or more of the following areas: reinforcement learning, deep learning / artificial neural networks, recommendation systems, information retrieval, generative adversarial network, or natural language processing
- Experience with one or more programming languages used for machine learning, preferably Python
- Excellent written, spoken, and visual communication skills
- Ability to formulate effective hypothesis and design testing experiments
- Ability to define relevant metrics that can serve as appropriate and accurate measurements and lead to actionable insights

Bonus points if you have:
- Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related
- Experience with healthcare data, including claims or electronic medical records
- Experience with PyTorch
- Familiarity with data visualization techniques

Benefits
- Stock Options
- Unlimited PTO
- Medical, Dental, Vision
- 401k with matching
- Dogs in the office!
- Half day Fridays
- Work from wherever
Equal Opportunity Employer Statement:
At Buoy, we are united by our commitment in guiding people to the right care. And we believe it takes a workforce that nurtures difference to get the job done. Buoy champions inclusion. We encourage applicants of all ages, races, ethnicities, colors, national origins, genders, gender identities and gender presentations, sexual orientations, disabilities, veteran status, and other characteristics that make a person unique. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and to be a part of a team that prioritizes diverse points of view.

**This role is located in the United States. Unfortunately, we are unable to support international applicants at this time"
43	12 days ago	True Link Financial Advisors	Data Science and Analytics Lead	"True Link is a fast-growing, mission-driven fintech company that provides quality financial services for people whose needs go unmet by traditional institutions. Backed by $50M from top-tier investors like Khosla, Initialized, and QED, we’re looking for a candidate who’s excited to bring their data science expertise to a company where they can deliver both social and business impact.
We’re hiring an experienced data scientist to build our data science, analytics, and insights function from the ground up. As the data science & analytics lead, you will deliver impact not just with insightful analysis, but by helping accelerate a culture of data-driven decision making at True Link.
Reporting directly to the VP Product, this is a hands-on leadership role. You’ll start as a high-impact, high-visibility individual contributor; the right candidate will have the opportunity (if desired) to help build out a data science organization as True Link scales.
What You'll Do
Lead our end-to-end data science and analytics capabilities, from data telemetry to pipeline & warehousing design to insight generation
Collaborate with our engineering and product teams to design & implement a performant data and analytics stack, including both transactional and event data
Drive advanced analysis to identify key areas for product, marketing, and business investment
Collaborate with our business and product leadership teams to help define critical KPIs and areas of focus
Accelerate a culture of data-driven decision making by empowering the broader True Link team with access to great self-service tools for accessing & analyzing data
Who You Are
This is a senior IC role, although the ideal candidate will also help build out True Link’s future data science team. Strong candidates have 5-7+ years of analytical/data-focused professional experience, with bonus points for related academic experience (e.g. BS in statistics, math, or engineering, and/or MS in statistics, data, or information systems).
We expect this candidate to demonstrate leadership across multiple fronts:
Technical Leadership
The ideal candidate will demonstrate deep technical experience across the data lifecycle, from telemetry to data warehousing to insight generation. These include demonstrated expertise with:
Data collection (telemetry) best practices, including instrumenting for both transactional and event data
Expertise designing performant data architecture, including practiced understanding of best practices for data warehousing & ETL pipelines
Mastery of the tools of the trade, including using tools like SQL and scripting languages (python and/or R)
Insight Generation
In addition to technical data skills, the data lead will demonstrate expertise in helping us understand which questions to ask in the first place.
This includes both the application of common analytical frameworks (like cohort analysis, growth accounting, and funnel optimization) and ad hoc deeper-dive analyses that may require a variety of techniques, including more statistical and machine learning-driven approaches.
Communication & Collaboration
The data lead will also excel at cross-functional collaboration, including direct partnership with business line and functional team leadership. They will also help build a culture of data-driven decision making at True Link, including by broadening self-service access to data across the company.
Why You'll Love Us
We’ve got the energy and passion of a startup combined with the professionalism of a financial services firm and the compassion of a mission-driven organization that truly cares about the people we serve.
Customer obsessed, mission driven, and high growth
Our customers are not only grateful for our services but are the absolute best. We have the privilege of providing financial protection for vulnerable members of society and partnering with expert service providers to do so. Our customers and partners love us, and we love them back. You can sleep soundly every night knowing you are doing a wonderful thing by getting our services into more hands.
We’re just getting started! With fifty million Americans in our addressable market, we are growing quickly into a large financial services company that will be developing new products you will help us shape and take to market.
We’re a fast-growing fintech company with real revenue, backed by $50M in venture capital from some of the best investors around, including Khosla, QED, and Initialized
Culture
We treat one another like we treat our customers: with 100% respect and dignity. Diversity and inclusion are cultural values we take very seriously, and we welcome team members of all backgrounds and identities.
Our offices are dog friendly and filled with snacks, catered lunch, and a group of friendly, caring people. We’re happy to still be enjoying laughs with colleagues and appearances of furry friends over Zoom for now.
With offices across the country, we welcome applicants who want to join our existing and future offices (in SF, Denver, NYC, and Kingston, NY) when it’s safe to work alongside each other again (and remote until then).
Want to work remote longer-term? We also have years of experience collaborating with our many team members who prefer to work from home, and welcome applicants from anywhere in the United States.
Benefits
We offer competitive wages, Health, Dental & Vision coverage, and an awesome vacation package.
If you are a high-performing person who wants to join a diverse, inclusive team and use your skills to make a real impact in people’s lives, we invite you to apply to join our team."
44	30+ days ago	Metis	Data Scientist	"Job Title
Data Scientist
Job Description
We are looking for Data Scientists to be part of the Metis Data Science Instructional Team. We seek individuals who love and are passionate about teaching others to be premier data scientists, excel at analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems, and are fun to be around and work with. An ideal candidate should be quick to learn and adapt, care about the design of simple, powerful, beautiful interfaces and visuals, love writing code, thrive in creative team efforts, and also have interests and passions beyond data science.
Responsibilities
Metis Data Scientists provide incredible and inspiring Data Science instruction; support the design and teaching of new products and courses and infuse their expertise into our business operations, and continually sharpen their skills through consulting and project explorations.
Co-Teaching the Data Science Bootcamp
Metis Data Scientists co-teach our immersive bootcamps and short immersive courses. On any given day, the amount of lecture time is 1-2 hours, and the remainder of the day is spent directly engaging with and coaching individually the students. The responsibilities include:
Teaching lessons
Leading course discussions
Providing personalized support to students
Improving the quality of our curriculum
Offering career guidance and interview support to our students and alumni
Developing Courses and Supporting Business Operations

Metis Data Scientists spend time focused on internal operations and thought leadership. Some examples of how that time gets used includes:
Creating new courses and/or enhancing existing courses
Optimizing our admissions process
Improving our data engineering and workflow
Speaking at events and conferences
Writing articles and blogs
Assisting with instructor recruitment

Ideal Applicant
Has an exceptional background in at least two of the following three skill domains:
Computer Science
Math/Statistics
Data Science/Machine Learning
At least 1 year of solid data science industry experience
Fluent in Python (NumPy, pandas, sklearn)
Preferably has some teaching experience
Has excellent communication and listening skills
Approaches problems with a design perspective
Is passionate about continuous learning
Does not take themselves too seriously
Perks of the Role
Part of a team that is transforming education
Competitive compensation package
Opportunity to network and develop, both among Metis’ Data Science speaker community, as well as through Kaplan, the global education company and parent company of Metis
Opportunity to work remote
Location
Remote/Nationwide, USA
Additional Locations
Employee Type
Employee
Job Functional Area
Instructors
Equal Opportunity Employer"
45	28 days ago	Ada Inc.	Technical Recruiter, Machine Learning and Product	"We’re Ada. We’re an ambitious global team that enables businesses around the world to provide incredible customer experience. Our AI-powered platform has automated over 1 billion customer interactions for some notable enterprises, including Zoom, Facebook and Shopify. We recently raised Series C funding of $130M by Spark Capital (early investors of Twitter, Slack, Snapchat), and we're officially a Canadian unicorn with a $1.2B valuation!
You can learn more about the founding of our company here. Just as the field of machine learning continues to advance, so do we. And it is the passion of our people and dedication to our craft that continues to drive our dramatic growth.
We are inspired every day by the opportunity to pioneer a new industry, and welcome those who want to join us.
We are searching for a remote Technical Recruiter, ML and Product to join our growing People team and build the recruitment practice from the ground up across various parts of our organization. You will be focused on remote tech hiring in places such as Toronto, New York, Seattle, and DC.
You will have the exciting opportunity to grow our Machine Learning and Product team! From new process initiatives to driving applicants to our opportunities, this role will have a dynamic opportunity to shape our recruitment process in a fast-paced environment.
About You
You think like an owner of every organization you have been a part of
You love building and improve process, and understand how to measure funnels & costs
You enjoy reaching out to others and learning what drives them in their career
You can manage up and down, recognize blockers and communicate between teams
You thrive on setting ambitious goals and hitting them
You are not afraid to own all parts of an operation in a remote setting
Your Background
You have a trajectory of hitting time to hire goals and hiring 10+ people/quarter
You have expertise in filling Design, Product Management, Machine Learning, and other technical roles.
You demonstrate the ability to build teams by adding new soft and hard skills, and helping managers evaluate for same
You have improved a start-up's ability to bring people on at a lower cost and more efficiently by elevating their brand and how they interact with candidates
You are familiar with employer branding and attracting top talent
Outcomes
Hire 10+ people per quarter through outreach and managing the inbound funnel
Coordinate all candidate touch points
Plan out interview training & other projects to drive excellence for our candidate experience and quality of interviews
Increase the number of hires from referrals
About Us
Ada is a rapidly growing digital first company in a thriving AI ecosystem. We optimize our communication, collaboration and generally, the way we work for the digital world instead of in-person. With flexible working hours, together we'll determine a schedule that fits your style and the requirements of your role.

We are backed by world-class investors, including Spark, Accel, FirstMark, Bessemer Venture Partners and Version One. We provide our employees with competitive compensation, great health benefits, and ownership in our company. Our work is rooted in authenticity, courage, empathy, and simplicity. We use these values to create a culture that encourages groundbreaking results, career progression, and community investment.
Ada is an equal opportunity employer. In fact, diversity is what drives our success – it’s at the core of how we hire, communicate, and work. Like our Platform, we are inclusive to all, and combine our diverse backgrounds, skill sets and thinking to build the best experiences for our clients and their customers."
46	Active 7 days ago	TransPerfect Translations Inc.	Data Entry	"We are looking for Data Entry Clerks to join our crew of photo and video collectors worldwide!

IMPORTANT: This is a temporary contract job.

At TransPerfect, we are looking for speakers of various languages to join our worldwide network of workers on a variety of innovative and interesting remote projects and jobs to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition, input methods, keyboard/swipe technology or other areas of human-machine interaction).
TransPerfect has over 5,000 full-time employees, a network of over 5,000 certified linguists and subject-area specialists, and over 90 offices in cities around the globe, making it the world’s largest privately held language services provider. TransPerfect is certified to ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 17100:2015, ensuring the highest level of quality and service for all projects. Our global group of companies completes over 300,000 projects per year and works with many of the world's most recognizable enterprises.
In this role, you will work as a Transcriber/Labeler, You will perform some or all of the following tasks: transcription, data labeling, and data classification. This job requires a high level of independence, adaptation, and accuracy. Attention to detail is a must to succeed in this role!
Part-time or full-time availability.

Ability to meet daily KPI's.
Excellent time management.
Ability to work independently.
Flexibility and ability to adapt and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently.
Ability to track, analyze, and report issues.
Ability to understand and implement feedback.
Find comfort in detail-oriented work."
47	30+ days ago	Capgemini	Portfolio Leader Insights & Data (I&D) - Insurance	"Job Description
Role: Portfolio Leader Insights Data - I & D – Insurance
Location: Chicago, IL (Remote till COVID stabilizes)
Employment Terms: Fulltime with benefits
Relocation: Candidate can relocate
Link: https://career5.successfactors.eu/sfcareer/jobreqcareerpvt?jobId=612023&company=C0001123183P&st=2E23B1F5A3B726206025CE8CB54EECFA074F0084
For a portfolio of insurance clients, lead, go to market business development, solution development, talent and team development and delivery for global practice focused on Insights Data across Insurance P&C, Health, Life, Reinsurance and Broking
Key responsibilities
Be a consultative seller of Capgemini s Insights Data services and be an ambassador its brand promise
Get The Future You Want for our clients Partner with our insurance clients to enable accelerated digital transformation and business change leveraging insights and data
Be responsible for bookings revenue and business growth in the portfolio through consultative selling of innovative industry solutions related to data insights and analytics to meet needs of these insurance clients on their journey to being digital insurers
Proactively engage in C level executives at client organizations and take ownership of solving their business problems and leverage cloud data analytics technologies
Organize and lead client strategy workshops large opportunities and participate into client orals
Be directly involved and or billable in these clients’ strategic programs and become an advisor for clients in driving simplification of data environments maximization of usage of unstructured data advanced analytics including artificial intelligence machine learning cloud migration cloud native and DevOps and DataOps transformation
Key Requirements
Insurance and or healthcare domain expertise required
Ability to think big picture and design transformational changes for our clients
Should understand evolving trends in digital cloud data and insights technologies
Able to lead teams remotely and attract and nurture top talent to grow revenue in the accounts
Up to 75% travel may be necessary

About Capgemini
Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion.
Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
What we Offer
Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums.
We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients.
With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve.
Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships.
Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply.
Disclaimer
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
`This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini."
48	6 days ago	Gannett	Data Scientist	"Data Scientist
Los Angeles, CA, USA  McLean, VA, USA  New York, NY, USA  Toronto, ON, Canada  Virtual Req #14422
 Wednesday, May 26, 2021
Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI) is a subscription-led and digitally focused media and marketing solutions company committed to empowering communities to thrive. With an unmatched reach at the national and local level, Gannett touches the lives of millions with our Pulitzer-Prize winning content, consumer experiences and benefits, and advertiser products and services.


Our current portfolio of media assets includes USA TODAY, local media organizations in 46 states in the U.S., and Newsquest, a wholly owned subsidiary operating in the United Kingdom with more than 120 local news media brands. Gannett also owns the digital marketing services companies ReachLocal, Inc., UpCurve, Inc., and WordStream, Inc., which are marketed under the LOCALiQ brand, and runs the largest media-owned events business in the U.S., USA TODAY NETWORK Ventures.


To connect with us, visit www.gannett.com.
Gannett is seeking a Data Scientist with a strong blend of technical and consultative skills to drive its digital advertising business. You will be part of a team that develops data-driven insights and product features in collaboration with stakeholders across Product and Engineering. This role has the option to work 100% remote or to be based out of our McLean, VA office (upon return to the office).

Responsibilities:Find creative uses for both structured and unstructured data ranging from ad logs to content.Maintain and enhance current models, tools and data sources.Consult with stakeholders to assess needs, scope projects and develop data solutions to address business pain points.Develop and deploy models to deliver increasingly valuable, repeatable and scalable analytic solutions.
The ideal candidate:Has a passion for helping stakeholders find data solutions to business problemsHas an inquisitive mind and sound judgement when it comes to distinguishing signal from noiseIs solution oriented and can communicate with stakeholders in non-technical terms using effective data visualization, making end products engaging and user-friendlyHas demonstrated experience working autonomously to deliver timely resultsIs a team player and able to build collaborative, cross-functional relationshipsHas BA/BS in a quantitative field (computer science, economics, math, statistics, engineering), advanced degrees or BA/BS plus 1-2 years of relevant experience preferred
Technical skills:Proficient in Python or R and associated machine learning packages.Project experience with one or more of the following: regression, classification, NLP, time series, deep learning, experiment design.Solid knowledge of SQL.Familiarity with Git and experience in deploying projects to AWS or Google Cloud a plus.Experience or interest in digital advertising a plus.
Gannett Co., Inc. is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation, or veteran status.
Other details
Job Family Data Strategy Job Function Technology Pay Type Salary"
49	30+ days ago	LockerDome, Inc.	Junior Data Scientist, ML R&D	"LockerDome is an ad platform with a brain, designed specifically for performance-based advertising. The brain behind the platform is Neo, an in-house AI, which uses machine learning to process billions of data points and make intelligent decisions at lightning speed. Learn more at lockerdome.com.
As a Junior Data Scientist on the ML R&D team, you will help design data models that enable decision making at scale.
Your skills should include:
Degree in a scientific or quantitative field, or proven proficiency in these areasStrong understanding of statistics and how it can be used with the scientific method and Bayesian statisticsStrong technical ability in a data-focused programming language, such as R or PythonAbility to solve unique or complex problems and explain your findings in a concise, actionable mannerAbility to form useful machine learning models that have a measurable impact towards a target goalAbility to learn new skills and information sets quicklyExperience with vector calculus is a plus
Responsibilities:
- Explore large data sets and identify trends on both short- and long-time scales; identify what types of models best apply towards a particular objective
Implement predictive models that improve prediction accuracyImplement models that automate decision making at scale that optimize for target KPIBuild data science models that tie directly into other existing models
Work from anywhere:
We know world-class talent lives all over the country, so we’re proud to offer employees the flexibility to work remotely from anywhere in the U.S. Whether it’s your living room, an Airbnb, or one of LockerDome’s hubs in St. Louis or Austin, every employee can choose a work environment that best suits their lifestyle or mood.
FNDsnb2Bay"
50	13 days ago	PrimeNeuro	Data Scientist	Clinical Data Scientist Job SummaryDo you know someone with autism spectrum disorder? Do you want to use your skills and passion to improve the quality of life for families living with autism? This is an opportunity to apply your data science skills to build products that change how we think about autism through novel clinical biomarkers for autism spectrum disorder.This Clinical Data Scientist role will be a critical part of the Research and Development team and is responsible for developing algorithms for classification and clustering in clinical data, including: feature engineering, outlier detection and imputing data, classifier development and feature extraction from image data, and clustering of subjects based on features and supporting clinical data. Our data poses the challenge of small data problems; we have a high number of features per observation, and a small number of observations. This is not financial data with millions of records, but rather 100’s or 1000’s of observations with 10’s of thousands of features.This is a unique opportunity to join a well-funded, small startup company that is rapidly growing. You will have the opportunity to help build and grow PrimeNeuro while growing your skill set through support of senior staff. We are an open company that supports and welcomes all forms of diversity, including neurodiversity.Responsibilities Design, develop, and test algorithms for data cleaning, clustering, and classification.Clean, manage, and provide analytics on clinical data.Research and development of new methods for analyzing clinical data.Qualifications Ph.D. or Master’s in data science, bioinformatics, or a closely related field or B.S. with 3-5 years of post-degree work experience1-3 years of experience in applied machine learning working with clinical dataSkills / CompetenciesSoftware Skills - proficiency with Python machine learning, deep learning, and statistical toolboxesML Techniques - Cross-validation techniques, feature engineering and reduction techniques, classification and regression techniques, parameter optimization, and feature selection and dimension reductionExperience with training and optimizing neural networksExperience with multivariate statistical methods such as multivariate regression, factor analysis, and canonical correlation analysisExperience in regulated software development (e.g., medical device or other healthcare field)Experience with machine learning model building and support tools, like DataBricks, TensorFlow, and Amazon SageMakerAdditional InformationThis role may be remote.Company ProfileAutism spectrum disorders affect 1 in 54 children in the US, and the rate is increasing 10% annually, impacting millions of families. Autism looks quite different in every family, making it difficult to identify the right resources for each family and contributing to a lifetime of isolation, uncertainty, and stress.Every child with autism is unique. Any solution that attempts to predict or diagnose autism must consider the wide range of variability in how the disorder presents. PrimeNeuro is building a solution to help doctors, parents, and educators understand how a child’s unique, developing brain may be growing and if that might include autism. Our goal is to predict this development in children as young as 6 months old. This is over a year before most children begin to show any symptoms of autism, and 1 to 4 years before a diagnosis is typically made.PrimeNeuro Clinical Data Scientist – v1.0http://www.primeneuro.com2 Davis DriveDurham, NC 27709@primeneuroJob Type: Full-timePay: $95,000.00 - $105,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:All employees are working remotely to ensure employee safety during COVID. We intend to offer a remote working option after all restrictions have been lifted.Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes
51	Active 5 days ago	Abl Schools	Abl Schools | Data Scientist	OverviewAbl believes every student deserves the opportunity to make informed and meaningful choices about their life and future. Unfortunately, many students aren’t given the same opportunities due to systemic inequities. Abl offers advanced, data-driven software and services to help K12 schools and districts identify and remove those inequities. We are currently doing this work with some of the largest districts in the country, such as Los Angeles Unified, New York Dept of Ed, Portland Public Schools, Denver Public Schools, and the state of Washington.The Abl team is made up of veteran school leaders, district-level decision-makers, and teachers working together with veteran software engineers, designers, and data scientists.The Role:We are looking for an experienced data scientist who will be a key innovator in leveraging data to provide robust recommendations and product features that positively impact students and teachers. Your contributions will have a meaningful impact on the lives of students across the country.You will frame and develop impactful and statistically sound insights, metrics, reports, and recommendations to improve student outcomes and equity.You’ll take analyses and models from prototype to production using standard tools like SQL, Python/pandas, R/tidyverse, dbt, and Mode Analytics. These will power data visualizations in internal and customer-facing dashboards, real-time analysis and recommendations in our scheduling SaaS product, and presentations to stakeholders.Your work will be supported by a data science platform that enables direct contribution to analytics and production data pipelines in SQL and Python.You will report to the Head of Data Science and collaborate with our product and engineering teams as well as in-house experts in education.Qualifications:You’re impact-focused and autonomous: You excel at framing the larger question and identifying areas where data science can provide added value.You can span the data science stack: You’ve done extensive analysis and modeling in a data-centric environment using Python/pandas or R/tidyverse, SQL, and ETL pipelines, and you have experience taking these to production with the help of data platform tools.You’re a steward of rigorous and responsible statistics: You have deep statistical intuition and experience developing high-impact models that impact individuals. You’re comfortable interpreting and applying academic research.You value strong communication: You enjoy and excel at communicating complex findings in a simple, approachable way for technical and non-technical audiences alike. You effectively communicate your opinions to peers with expertise, humility, and kindness.You have a growth mindset: You welcome feedback and new ideas and cultivate a collaborative environment.Company CultureAbl employees share a passion for revolutionizing education through school design, whether or not they have prior experience working in the field. We value diversity of background and thought. We strive to create a safe and supportive environment where trust, communication, creativity, and humility are valued as highly as technical skills. We believe shared ownership builds a more resilient company, and we tackle hard problems, together. If that sounds like your dream work environment, we look forward to hearing from you.A Note to CandidatesStudies have shown that women, people of color, and folks from other groups underrepresented in technology are less likely to apply for jobs unless they believe they check all the boxes in a job description. We are most interested in finding the best candidate for the job, and that candidate may be one who comes from a less traditional background. If you think you’re a good fit, we encourage you to apply, even if you don't meet every one of our qualifications.Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $160,000.00 per yearEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
52	6 days ago	Soar	Data Scientist	"What we're looking for
We are looking for Data Scientists to join the Soar team! As a member of our Data/Analytics team, you will create data-based approaches to solving difficult business and product problems, as well as generate business and product insights.
What you'll do
Collaborate with Product Management, Engineering and the Executive Team to apply your expertise in analysis to create and scale insights
Create visuals and documents to effectively report your insights
Communicate your findings and help making date-informed decisions
Qualifications
Strong statistical knowledge
Experience with analytical packages
Strong augmented reality knowledge
Experience with project management tools such as Confluence, Jira, GitHub, Miro and Slack
Experience with agile methodologies"
53	Active 3 days ago	Geospark Analytics	Data Scientist	"We are looking for a data scientist to build innovative analytics for our intelligence platform. We are a small team where you will have autonomy to create, train, test, develop, and deploy new models on a regular basis. We are looking for individuals capable of working independently while also contributing to team goals.
The following experience will contribute to you being an effective part of the team:
natural language processing / computational linguistics
mathematical modeling
statistics and forecasting
geospatial analysis
machine learning, neural networks / deep learning
model selection, training, testing, deployment
software development (python)
Remote OK. US Citizenship required to work with some government customers."
54	Active 3 days ago	Gradient Metrics	Data Scientist	"Are you insatiably curious? A lover of research, statistics, and programming? Do you enjoy a formidable business challenge? If so, then we share a lot in common and would love to get to know you better.
What is Gradient Metrics?
We're a new breed of market researchers and data scientists that apply statistical models to make difficult decisions easier. We create actionable intelligence from data of any kind. We investigate deeply and iteratively to solve problems, not symptoms. Above all else, we are never satisfied with the first layer of understanding.
We help a diverse array of clients from Series A startups to Fortune 100 companies precisely evaluate their marketing campaigns, calculate customer lifetime value, assess brand equity and experiment with new product design. And that's just an appetizer.
There is no “standard” day at Gradient — we like to push the norm by exploring new methodologies and technologies. We can do this because we are lean, flexible, and efficient. This makes us a little different than our peers and we're looking for someone with a healthy dose of curiosity, brilliance, and (a bit of) grit to join us. Head over to our website (http://gradientmetrics.com/about) and our latest newsletters (https://www.gradientmetrics.com/archive) to find out more about who we are and what we do.
What We're Looking for: Data Scientist
We are looking for a data scientist who is highly proficient in R (actually, lives and breaths R) and wants to be a part of a research team that helps clients make difficult decisions and automate our research capabilities.
This role consists of three primary domains:
Building, improving and maintaining our internal R infrastructure, which currently includes 10+ packages that are always under active development
Executing and interpreting data analyses (using the functions and packages that you've built yourself!) to advise our research managers
Includes (survey) data processing, tidying, reshaping and visualising
Developing and building new research models, grounded in statistical best practices, along with being able to explain them to members of our research team
The skill set for this role should include:
Analyzing (survey) data in R
Highly fluent in tidyverse: dplyr, tidyr, haven, purrr
Able to transform wide format into long format and vice versa
Able to join datasets together with the appropriate type of join
Able to group, filter and summarize data
Able to work with (nested) lists and the purrr function family
Able to work with strings and regex patterns
Able to work with metadata (e.g. column labels, data recoding)
Ability to judge data and respondent quality
R software development
Driving internal code development
Writing clean, properly formatted (https://style.tidyverse.org/) and commented code
Delivering code with tests and examples
Providing extensive documentation in the form of vignettes
Packaging code and automating checks with CI solutions
Experience with git
Constantly willing to learn and stay up to date with latest developments in R
Statistical inference:
Experience with the creation of classification, regression and clustering models
Experience with the GLM family (gaussian, poisson, binomial, survival, and ordinal models) as well as hierarchical models
Ability to explain and synthesize the results of statistical models to a non-statistician
Visualization:
Deep familiarity and expertise in the ggplot2 library
Able to produce visually appealing and effective plots
Nice to have:
Familiarity with designing and analyzing survey experiments, including but not limited to:
Discrete choice experiments (e.g., conjoint, MaxDiff)
Randomized control trials
Message and persuasion testing
Familiarity with survey design platforms (e.g., Qualtrics)
Experience in creating and working with APIs
Experience with AWS cloud computing provider
Employment conditions
Based anywhere, working hours in EU or North American time zones (ET +- 6 hours).
Comfortable with permanent remote arrangement
Open to a 90 day trial period
Competitive salary, depending on location and experience
Flexible working hours
Lean SCRUM points system
Unlimited days off
Spoken and written language: English
Bi-annual live meet-up trips with the entire team
We've already visited New York, Paris and the Rocky Mountains! Maybe your home town can be next, if you can convince us of how awesome it is
Why we think we're special
Gradient is a truly unique company, and we intend to keep it that way. We value both independence and collaboration — meaning you can do what you need to do to solve a problem, but you have all the tools and expertise at your disposal to get it done. You'll be part of our growth and will help craft our legacy.
You'll learn something new every single day by solving problems that rarely have a clear solution. And if you don't know something, we'll give you the resources you need to figure it out. We love books, classes, and workshops.We'll take good care of you with a competitive salary, healthcare coverage, unlimited time off, and a flexible schedule that allows you to be a real person too."
55	30+ days ago	Thyme Care	Data Scientist	"Thyme Care
Thyme Care is focused on guiding cancer patients through the complex process of diagnosis and treatment to improve outcomes and reduce costs. Navigating the care for an oncology patient is extremely complicated; Thyme Care provides concierge services to give patients the information and support they need. We have assembled a team of passionate oncology experts - clinical, technology, and insurance specialists - and we are hiring an extraordinary engineering team to enable our patients’ success by creating world class technology solutions.
What you’ll be doing
Working within a small, growing, agile team to build out our technological solutions
Interface with clinical and business experts to understand, engineer solutions against, and solve our immediate data science challenges
Provide actionable information to identify patients for outreach, optimize intervention windows, and measure quality and efficiency of care
Productionize models and analytics by working closely with software engineering team
Calculating, tracking and making visible the metrics to keep our business focused on those things that are most critical
Combating data engineering and data accuracy issues proactively by helping to build out pipelines and proper data testing
What you should have
A drive to understand how data relates to the business and a love of sharing that knowledge with others
A track record of building and deploying impactful, production-ready models and analytics
Experience operating in a Cloud environment
A drive to understand how things work and a love of sharing that knowledge with others
A desire to solve meaningful real world problems with technology
Comfort grappling with ambiguous challenges in a quickly changing start-up environment
Our engineering team is fully remote, from anywhere in the continental United States.
Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to our values. Thyme Care welcomes people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer providing a pleasant and supportive place to work.

SnuPHPnZZo"
56	Active 6 days ago	Growers Edge Financial, Inc.	Data Scientist	We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.ResponsibilitiesIdentify valuable data sources and automate collection processesUndertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured dataAnalyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patternsPropose solutions and strategies to business challengesCollaborate with engineering and product development teamsManage master data, including creation, updates, and deletion.Collaborate on product discussions regarding high impact features.Assist with various data analysis and modeling projects.Create data visualizations for use in both internal and external capacities.Analyze data to inform decisions by product and tech teams.Develop, maintain and improve holistic data sets, reports, and dashboards to monitor company performance.Analyze business intelligence and support the business by communicating key trends, insights, risks and findings to management.Aid in hypothesis formulation, data collection, modeling, and interpretation of complex datasets to enable data-driven decisions.*SkillsProven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystFamiliarity with working one or more of the following: weather, climate, soils, satellite, crop yield datasets.Background with analyzing data and providing initial statistical analyses.Experience with data engineering and descriptive statistics.Experience with a scientific programming language (e.g. R, Python).Experience with geospatial data analysis, data aggregation, and geo visualization (e.g. QGIS or ArcGIS).Comfortable working with messy datasets from a variety of sources.Aid in hypothesis formulation, data collection, modeling, and interpretation of complex datasets to enable data-driven decisions.Experience with machine learning and statistical concepts, packages and libraries.Excellent communications skills to both technical and non-technical audiences.Experience with machine learning and statistical concepts, packages and libraries.Excellent communications skills to both technical and non-technical audiences.Strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills.* Growers Edge is interested in every qualified candidate who is lawfully authorized to work in the United States.Job Type: Full-timePay: $0.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:Employees can Work from Wherever they want due to COVID concerns.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:YesCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place
57	Active today	Gambling Inc.	Data Scientist as Partner	Here is the offer: I have coded the following with Python and MySql. It is data regarding the prediction of events on which wages can be made(legally).Scraper for historical dataScraper for eventScripts to clean and update the database(MySql)Clean database of 2.4 million rows of about 20 years of historical data -the db also has statistical analysis (and scripts for)I have tried tenor flow and all the classic algos but then switched to making my own algo, best accuracy was at 28% which matches the odds as a predictor (so really nothing).The last algo I tried was using graph based features : (https://ir.library.louisville.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4083&context=etd) . I could not replicate it.Also :https://moam.info/predicting-link-directions-via-a-recursive-subgraph-based-ranking_59943fbf1723ddca69547148.htmlandhttps://docs.pymc.io/ to evaluate the the different combos.It can and has been done : (https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-05-03/the-gambler-who-cracked-the-horse-racing-code).He also has a paper:(https://www.gwern.net/docs/statistics/decision/1994-benter.pdf), which I tried to replicate with no results.I need a data scientist() or someone understands the papers above and could implement it on the database or both as a Partner. We would sign a contract for ownership and terms.I can provide you with a sample of db if you are interested.All remote if you want. All notarized.Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, ContractPay: $1.00 - $350,000.00 per yearBenefits:Flexible scheduleEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)Python/MySql: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
58	4 days ago	OCROLUS	Data Science Lead	We are a fintech infrastructure company that is built around data. Understanding our data and unlocking its value is central to our continued growth and success. Our Data Science team is focused on adding value to our product line using predictive modeling and other forms of domain-specific analysis. (Our customers include lenders and other financial entities.) This is a huge opportunity to support our company mission, and we are excited to talk to candidates with a range of interesting backgrounds! We value technical and scientific rigor, as well as strategic engagement, and cultivating a bias toward action. Every member of our Data Science Team has interesting problems they are working on.Job Location: New York, NYResponsibilitiesLead a team of Data Scientists working on problems that impact the company’s bottom line. Recruit, enable, and mentor talented DS professionals.Build and analyze predictive models: Set up a productive feedback loop with the product, data, and tech that allows for the discovery, production, and delivery of predictive models and other data assets.Be an expert in domain-specific practices such as; credit risk modeling, transaction classification, benchmarking & analysis of ML models, and optimizing our data annotation operation.Blend R&D work with product development; Translate open-ended problems into new features and products that add value to the companyFoster a culture of data-driven decision-making across engineering, operations, and sales teams. Influence executives and other stakeholders to value and make use of data.Requirements5-7 years working in Data Science: We are interested in talking to candidates with varied domain-specific experiences within Data Science.Strong academic background in Statistics, Economics, Engineering, or a similar field. A graduate degree is strongly preferred!Demonstrated skills in predictive modeling and machine learning. Preferably in a domain relevant to our core business line.Exceptional communication, presentation, and stakeholder management skills. We expect all our data analysts to engage with their business domain strategically. Every member of the team does work that is visible to a wide audience.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:Multiple locationsSpeak with the employer+91 650-346-2502
59	Active 5 days ago	Lancer Insurance Company	Predictive Modeler	Predictive ModelerLancer Insurance Company, Inc. – Long Beach, NYLancer Insurance Company is looking for a talented and motivated predictive modeler to work with a data architect and/or data scientist to develop predictive models to provide modeling solutions that meet organizational needs and to perform in-depth analysis to guide and support strategic business decisions. The right candidate will be a successful communicator and self-starter with strong analytical skills who exhibits creativity, hustle, integrity, and teamwork.Duties and Responsibilities:· Identify areas where data can be used to improve business activities, defining business users’ requirements. Make recommendations for the usage of data in business and communicate the benefits and return on investment for application and product owners.· Organize, analyze and execute all phases of quantitative research projects, identifying the business problem, data exploration, modeling and implementation (and communicating findings/implications of quantitative studies and analysis).· Develop and apply predictive models using multiple statistical and machine learning techniques. Solid understanding and working knowledge of statistical modeling techniques such as linear regression, logistic regression, generalized linear models, data visualization, tree models, cluster analysis, principal components and feature creation.· Collaborate with stakeholders to integrate data mining results with existing systems.· Utilize Business Intelligence tools to represent insights.Skills & Experience:· A Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in a math or computer science program is required. Recent graduates are encouraged to apply.· Solid working knowledge of R statistical tools and/or other relevant software packages for data management and statistical analysis. Experience with Python a plus.· Mathematics, statistics, correlation, data mining, predictive analysis skills· Data visualization skills· Data Analysis Knowledge; e.g. SQL, Excel· Ability to clearly communicate complex technical ideas to non-technical audience· Ability to effectively manage multiple competing priorities at any given time· Excellent communication skills and ability to work as part of a team· Insurance experience a major plusJob Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $125,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:data analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.lancerinsurance.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place
