	postdate	company	title	description
0	30+ days ago	FNA	Data Scientist - Remote	"Data Scientist - Remote
Department: Client Success
Location: This is a fully remote role
Term: Full time | Permanent
Mission
Founded in 2014, FNA’s mission is to make the financial system safer and more efficient.
About the role
As Data Scientist at FNA, you will accelerate the development of our award-winning analytics software while implementing and delivering important data science solutions for some of the world's largest and most influential institutions.
Apply your curiosity of machine learning and network science whilst working with a selective team of brilliant data scientists who challenge the status quo daily and are quietly pushing forward the bleeding edge of analytics with our advanced analytics platform.
Actively participate as a contributing member on a team of data scientists through the whole workflow from data access, processing and modeling, to data visualization
Partner with internal FNA stakeholders and client subject matter experts to refine analyses, gain insights and present new findings
Develop and present client specific solutions clearly and concisely, communicate analyses, recommendations, status and results to existing clients and prospects at business management and executive level
Operationalize models into production with the FNA Platform
Carry out research and development of new use-cases, algorithms and solutions - either as part of our product road-map or based on specific client requirements
Act as product owner for specific features or models implemented in the FNA Platform
Resolve client support requests in a professional and timely manner
Why join FNA?
Rapidly advance your thinking, skills and career in a high growth tech company
Work remotely with an international team of innovative and agile colleagues
£1k/yr for training and continuing education
Unlimited holiday lets you take a break when you need it
International team off-sites in sunny locations 2x/yr (when travel permits)
Who we’re looking for
The right candidates will have at minimum 2+ years experience as a Data Scientist in commercial or academic projects applying Network Science & Machine Learning models and presenting your results to stakeholders
You should be a team player who picks up implicit tasks, is self-organized and self-motivated, embraces autonomy and working remotely but enjoys the occasional travel to interface with clients for implementations, training and use case exploration
The right candidate is naturally inquisitive with the ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical personnel and isn’t afraid to present creative, data-driven ideas to stakeholders
Passion and curiosity for what is happening within RegTech/FinTech/SupTech, Cybersecurity and Cyber Threat Intelligence, Graph Databases and especially Graph Theory/Network Science
Efficiently balances accuracy and speed while getting things done
You're a team player with tenacity underpinned by self-awareness and empathy
Fluent written and spoken English. Additional languages are a benefit
Ability to travel approximately 25% of the time (Domestic and International)
Nice to Have's
BA, MS or PhD level qualification in mathematics, economics, finance, statistics, physics, engineering or related applied quantitative field
Spanish bi-lingual business-level language capability
About FNA
Used by the world’s largest central banks and financial institutions, our technology enables them to uncover hidden connections in large complex datasets, visualize them via interactive dashboards and use artificial intelligence to predict and reduce the impact of anomalies and stress events within their networks.
Demand for our technology and experience has grown considerably as organizations realize the interconnected nature of their systems. As a result, we’ve spent the last 12 months expanding our team significantly to serve our customer base and boost our brand.
7bMjy1lkg8"
1	30+ days ago	Under Armour, Inc.	Lead, Data Scientist (REMOTE)	"Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace. Employees must live in the United States.
We are looking for a Lead Data Scientist to join our Enterprise Data Management organization. As a member of the data science team, you will have the opportunity to work with diverse data sets spanning the entire global organization. You will be encouraged to identify creative solutions to real world problems, by leveraging cutting edge machine learning and statistical techniques, while striving to maintain rigorous scientific and engineering standards. You will collaborate with other data scientists, engineers, and key business decision makers to develop the next generation of data driven productions and initiatives at Under Armour.
Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesTranslate business needs into actionable analytic projectsIdentify, prepare, and validate datasets used in statistical models and machine learning pipelinesBuild, assess, compare, and optimize models in development and production environmentsDesign, document, and track workflows across multiple projectsExtract insights, communicating key outputs and appropriate use cases to non-technical stakeholders and business decision makersStay up-to-date with latest technology and modeling techniquesDesign and implement novel statistical methods, as needed, for specific analysis or use casesCollaborate with other data scientists, data analysts, and business stakeholders throughout the lifecycle of each project to ensure the technical implementation appropriately aligns with business goals.
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)Ability to apply data science to real-world problems, capable of breaking down complex problems into key components where advanced statistics, data science, and AI can be leveragedUnderstanding of limitations and best practices related to model specification, comparison, selection, and deployment.In-depth knowledge of statistics, probability, and machine learning methodologiesAbility to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertiseProficiency with SQL and at least one of Python/R
Education And / Or ExperienceMS/Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative disciplines with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithmsExperience with one or more of the following: supervised classification algorithms, natural language processing, recommendation engines, supply chain optimization models, unsupervised segmentation, Bayesian statistics, structural equation models, regression, cluster analysis, price elasticity and optimization, demand forecasting3-5 years of industry experience with machine learning and/or advanced statistical modelingPrevious experience in retail or e-commerce preferredPrior experience with AWS services (e.g., EC2, S3) preferredPrior experience working on an agile team preferredPrior experience leveraging version control (e.g., Git, SVN) in a team setting preferred
Other Requirements
Relocation
Remote role.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool."
2	12 days ago	HealthCare, Inc.	Data Scientist (US & Guatemala)	"Senior Data Scientist
Join Us
HealthCare.com is looking to grow our elite Data Science team. As a Senior Data Scientist you will be part of the design, development, and deployment of Healthcare Inc.’s machine learning platform including: feature vector generation, experiment design, model generation, model evaluation. You will collaborate with both data engineers, clinical, and product towards building the models and rule generation that will drive Healthcare’s guidance platform to insure, ensure, and assure.
As a Senior Data Scientist you will answer core business questions like what products work for whom, what target audiences to engage, what solutions to implement at each stage of the customer journey, solutions for improving engagement and conversion rates, and identify marketplace dynamics. This opportunity is great for professionals with a shared vision of building an extraordinary platform and serve healthcare consumers through the power of data science!
About the Company
Founded in 2014, HealthCare.com is a privately-owned company whose mission is to help consumers make better healthcare decisions. We’re focused on improving how people shop for and enroll in health insurance coverage through data, content, and superior customer service. Our mission is to empower individuals, families, and small businesses by providing information and recommendations. We have an elite team of over 170 teammates in Miami, Indianapolis, New York City, Guatemala City, and distributed around the globe.
What You’ll Do:
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Work with large, complex data sets
Build and develop all necessary data pipelines
Develop and deploy streaming microservices that enrich the raw data with knowledge and models Develop and deploy standard evaluation frameworks
Develop and deploy per member optimization simulations across financial, clinical and experience outcome variables
Contribute to the success of the team with specific experiment and research directions that can take our guidance platform to the next level
Develop predictive and prescriptive models
Who You Are:
You have an entrepreneurial spirit
You’re able to inspire through your work and motivate others
You have the ability to be both strategic and tactical
What You Have:
Ph.D/MS or combined 5+ years of experience
M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or related quantitative fieldsExperience in high concurrency distributed platforms and applied mathematics
Work experience with distributing Computing: Scala, Spark, Hadoop, Hive, HDFS, Cassandra, ElasticSearch Building and developing data pipelines
Experience leveraging public data sources to enhance machine learning
Strong programming experience in Python and/or R: including pandas, numpy, scipy, sklearn, seaborn, plotly
Machine learning experience: DeepLearning, Random Forests, gradient boosting, logistic regression, time-series, k-mean, built Lasso regression, vector embeddings, and more
Experience with ML Platforms like: SageMaker, Tensorflow, Matlab, and others
Understanding of metrics like precision/recall curves, ROC and more
Ability to handle large volumes of heterogeneous medical data
Experience building and designing feature vectors, application of multiple machine learning architectures such as deep learning (MPL, RSTM, etc), Random Forest, Bayesian, Regression, model validation ROC and Precision/Recall, Ensemble models, multi-Ranking, Embeddings, and others
Advanced experience prototyping predictive models on various tasks, and having finished with initial tests, confirmed by domain experts
The Perks
Medical, dental, and vision with 100% company paid premiums for the employee
Up to 15 days of paid time off
10 company observed holidays with an additional 3 floating holidays
Annual learning and development stipend
8 weeks of paid parental leave
EAP services
401k plan with company match
Most importantly, an inclusive company culture established by an incredible team!
Get to Know Us!
https://www.healthcare.com/
linkedin.com/company/healthcare-com
We celebrate diversity, and we’re committed to providing an inclusive work environment. This means our hiring and employment decisions are based on qualifications, merit, and business need.
We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at careers@healthcare.com.
w167p4xK0q"
3	25 days ago	Chartbeat	Data Scientist	"About Chartbeat Chartbeat’s (www.chartbeat.com) mission is to help content creators around the world better connect with their audiences. Leading media brands — including The New York Times, ESPN, the Washington Post, the BBC, and CNN — trust our suite of analytics and optimization tools to understand digital audience behavior and strengthen their content strategies. You'll be joining a group of focused, hard-working, people who are passionate about doing work that's challenging and fun—and who strive to maintain a healthy work/life balance.
About Data Science at Chartbeat The Data Science team contributes to the Chartbeat mission by providing insights from our data that help to drive decision making for both our customers and ourselves. We work closely with the Product, Engineering and Design teams to drive innovative data capabilities into our product and with customer-facing teams to provide data to answer their business questions. We also partner closely with Marketing to leverage Chartbeat’s unique metrics to surface stories that reflect the state of reader engagement across the US and the world.


Responsibilities
Collaborate on development of new data-science based product capabilities, including insight generation, content recommendations, content-based audience segmentation, and peer benchmarking
Provide innovative thinking and technical expertise to expand Chartbeat’s capabilities around natural language processing
Understand, diagnose, and update Chartbeat’s data pipelines that support data-science capabilities
Strong candidates will have:
2+ years working as a practicing data scientist in industry
Experience developing, testing, and deploying Python-based machine learning algorithms in AWS environments
Solid knowledge of statistical and machine learning methodology, as evidenced by a degree in a quantitative discipline
Knowledge of common database systems, particularly Redshift/Postgres
Strong business communication skills and ability to work cross-functionally
A passion for understanding reader behaviors
Exceptional candidates will have:
Experience in development of machine learning features as part of a product team
Experience extracting insights from large text corpora using modern techniques
Prior experience in media
Active presence in the data science community, as evidenced by workshop or conference presentations, contributions to data science open source projects, involvement in pro bono data science initiatives, etc.
CompensationWe are proud to offer our team members a competitive compensation plan that includes stock options for full-time employees and a 401K program with a match, excellent options for health, dental, and vision plans, along with multiple other perks, including parental leave, $30/month book
stipend, a yearly budget for Learning and Development, and flexible hours with unlimited vacation.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion StatementAt Chartbeat we strive to create and continually grow as a company where all employees are able to be their authentic selves. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, and retaining employees from different backgrounds, viewpoints, and experiences. Our strength is our diversity and we are dedicated to continuously reflect upon, and evolve our efforts to maintain a diverse, equitable and inclusive ecosystem.
Equal Opportunity Employment Statement Chartbeat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law."
4	5 days ago	XSELL Technologies	Senior Data Scientist	"XSELL is currently seeking a Data Scientist to serve as a key member of our Data Science team. This role will work within the SAFe Agile framework of continuous delivery, work with other Data Scientists, and be a critical resource for our growing Data Science staff.
Job Description
Designing, implementing and improving XSELL’s proprietary softwares, real time messaging recommendation systems, HiPerCoBot and QABOt using various mathematical, Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms and machine learning models.
Developing new systems using Python NLP (lemmatization, stemming, named entity recognition) and updating the existing systems by adding new features to enhance the customers experience.
Interacting with stakeholders to identify the requirements and define new processes.
Closely work with the team to define the architecture of the Microservice environment and deploy systems using RESTful API’s.
Planning, development, and analysis of dialogue prediction/sentiment models, causal models of customer/agent behavior.
Improving the accuracy of the in house XSELL Recommendation System software suite by evaluating and monitoring annotations manually labelled by Ontology team.
Analyzing and researching the current market trends for possible AI opportunities/improvements.
Qualifications
MS/PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field).
3-5 years full time employment experience building and validating predictive models on structured or unstructured data.
Proficiency in Python with knowledge of basic libraries for data manipulation, machine learning, natural language processing and text mining and experience writing production ready code.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms (regression, neural networks, etc.)
Understanding of deep learning algorithms and experience with related libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch.
Ability to create structure and processes from scratch and improve existing processes and align team members to them.
Nice to Have
Experience in SQL.
Understanding of object oriented design.
Ability to craft new concepts and stay current with academic research
Experience with graph databases and graph designs.
Experience in designing/developing production level machine learning architectures (using Flask or Redis)
XSELL is committed to a culture of teamwork; where everyone works together to plan, do, learn, and continuously improve. We accomplish that by staying true to our core values.
Best Chapter: Every XSELLer is plugged in and focused on writing their “best chapter yet”, both personally and professionally. We believe in working hard to achieve success, but that success only comes if we are doing it together. We do this with a high level of humility, integrity and compassion towards out coworkers. We celebrate and recognize each other and have a lot of fun along the way.
Know Us By Our Results: We do what we say and say what we do. Our coworkers and clients will “know us by our results” – we welcome that and embrace transparency and measurement.
Do It The XSELL Way: Together we are building an inclusive culture full of top performing, talented people that are striving towards common goals with resilience. People will admire not only the work we do but also that we “do it the XSELL way” – as one team. We do this through strong communication, collaboration and accountability to each other.
Open for Business: We are always “open for business” – fiercely committed to improving ourselves, our team and our company. We stay curious and approach every situation as an opportunity to learn and grow.
Conversations Happen In the Room: Feedback is imperative to our collective success. We approach the “conversation in the room” with respect, empathy and candor. Our dialogue with each other is always open and honest.
XSELL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
#LI REMOTE

LULSNG6E2x"
5	30+ days ago	Hyperspace Ventures	Data Scientist	"Durham, NC | Austin, TX | Remote | Full Time
Data Scientist

We're looking for Data Scientists to work on our core and business products to help shape the future of what we build at Hyperspace Ventures. You will enjoy working with various data sets, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product.
Responsibilities:
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches
The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas:
Product Operations
Forecasting and setting product team goals
Designing and evaluating experiments
Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics
Building and analyzing dashboards and reports
Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis
Evaluating and defining metrics
Exploratory Analysis
Proposing what to build in the next roadmap
Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends
Identifying new levers to help move key metrics
Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems
Product Leadership
Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations
Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams
Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams
Data Infrastructure
Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica
Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and python based ETL framework
Minimum Qualifications:
2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field
Experience in SQL or other programming languages
Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product
Knowledge of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions)
Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degrees
Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)"
6	30+ days ago	Raytheon Technologies Corporate	Data Scientist	"Businesses Raytheon Technologies Corporate
Job ID 01425006
Date posted 03/31/2021
City Brooklyn
State New York
Country United States
Date Posted:
2021-03-24-07:00
Country:
United States of America
Location:
UTNB1: Corp - Brooklyn NY 55 Water St, Brooklyn, NY, 11201 USA
Raytheon Technologies
Raytheon Technologies Corporation is an aerospace and defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide. It comprises four industry-leading businesses – Collins Aerospace Systems, Pratt & Whitney, Raytheon Intelligence & Space and Raytheon Missiles & Defense. Its 195,000 employees enable the company to operate at the edge of known science as they imagine and deliver solutions that push the boundaries in quantum physics, electric propulsion, directed energy, hypersonics, avionics and cybersecurity. The company, formed in 2020 through the combination of Raytheon Company and the United Technologies Corporation aerospace businesses, is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts
Position
We are seeking highly motivated data scientists to join the Digital Accelerator team in either Brooklyn, NY or Atlanta, GA. We are looking for people who have a passion for analyzing and uncovering digital insights from large, complex streams of data derived from the worlds most advanced aerospace, aviation and building management systems.

As a member of the team, you will work on the research, development, and implementation of complex machine learning systems to predict rare events and faults in aerospace and building system components.

This position will provide the unique opportunity to operate in a start-up-like environment within a Fortune 50 company. Our digital focus is geared towards releasing the insights inherent RTXs best-in-class products and services. Together we aim to achieve new levels of productivity by changing the way we work and identifying new sources of growth for our customers.

Job Responsibilities include:
Develop models and algorithms that will improve how we design, manufacture, monitor, and maintain industrial assets such as jet engines and other aviation systems.
Conduct exploratory data analysis
Participate in early stage R&D work to further advance the ML platform
Collaborate with software development to implement and deploy newly developed technologies and algorithms
Work with business units and lead data scientists to implement real-world critical use cases on the platform
Build scripts to automate, clean, transform, cross-reference and merge large sources of data utilizing Python
Results-oriented with a strong sense of ownership in delivering for our customer and businesses
Qualification:
5+ years related experience
Deep knowledge of machine learning, statistics, optimization or related field
Experience with R, Python, Perl, Matlab
Experience with industrial/commercial applications of data science including prognostic and health management, supply chain optimization, and human capital management is a significant plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with the ability to well work in cross functional teams
Work experience in programming, data science, machine learning
Motivated self-starter with a strong enthusiasm to learn
Results-oriented with strong communication and customer focus
Ability to deal well with ambiguous and undefined problems
Education:
Candidates for this role should possess a Bachelors Degree +7yrs experience, or an Advanced Degree +5yrs experience.
Location: Brooklyn NY, Atlanta GA, or RemoteDue to the nature of our work, all candidates must be US Citizen or Permanent Residents
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms

Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
7	30+ days ago	Southern New Hampshire University	Data Scientist	"This position will be responsible for enabling our students facing/supporting staff and leadership in their goals and initiatives aimed at setting up our students for better success and also, enable our business development teams in expanding the reach for University - both on-campus and online - courses. The data scientist will be responsible for delivering forecasting and data science needs to our business partners by actively identifying opportunities, providing actionable, insightful analysis and designing scalable programs.
Essential duties and responsibilities of this position include:
Work on all aspects of creating predictive intelligence including collecting requirements, establish analytics work plan, data exploration, cleansing, and preparation, identifying features, selecting algorithms, building and testing models, iteratively improving solutions
Develop data driven, insightful analyses to answer questions, with a focus on cause and effect relationships, address business challenges or identify opportunities, and provide actionable recommendations
Look for opportunities to enrich company’s data quality with external third party sources
Build and leverage machine learning models like gradient boosting trees, random forest, etc. or high quality prediction systems like recommender engines, to advance the current suite of analytical capabilities and drive better targeting strategies
Synthesize these qualitative and quantitative solutions into actionable recommendations and communicate those findings to business teams
Leverage story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise and actionable
Contribute to and maintain the state-of-the-art data science ecosystem that enables the larger team to leverage these data science products/packages for their needs
Collaborate with other analytics team members and business units to drive common goal achievement and organizational objectives. The cross-team interaction is very important - you'll be required to enforce a culture of data analytics driven approach across organization.
Minimum Qualifications:
3+ years of relevant experience with Bachelor’s degree in Applied Math, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or other quantitative field or 2+ years of relevant experience with Masters in mentioned quantitative fields
Strong knowledge of applied statistics skills, such as statistical testing, propensity matching, statistical modeling, classification, etc.
Proficiency in SQL and Python
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, XGBoost, etc.
Data-oriented personality, combined with superior communication skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with advanced visualization tools (e.g. D3.js) and techniques
Experience with text mining – NLP, Sentiment Analysis, etc.
PhD degree in above mentioned quantitative fields
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, MS Power BI, Git, etc.
Work Hours:

Typically Monday through Friday, 8:00am to 4:30pm with flexibility to meet business demands as needed.
A background check is required for employment. Please submit a cover letter, in addition to your resume, with your application.
Why Join SNHU?

Ours is a dynamic environment where innovation is encouraged—and ideas are welcomed. We believe in one another’s potential, and we focus on creating a positive community where collaboration, belonging, and growth are valued.

SNHU employees are a team in every sense. Separately, we understand that each individual brings unique experiences, perspectives, and ideas to create a vibrant work environment. Together we share common values of honesty, acceptance, and accountability working as a unified force toward a common goal: to transform the lives of learners.

As a global leader in education, we strive for a workforce that reflects the individual differences of our learning community. We believe that our employees can be their best selves when they can be their true selves. Therefore, we are committed to cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion in which all of our employees feel welcomed, valued, and empowered. We’re proud to have been recognized as a Great College to Work for by the Chronicle of Higher Education every year since its

inception.

By joining our team, you join us in our vision. Together, we’ll shape the future of education by transforming lives—beginning with yours."
8	Active 7 days ago	Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc	Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer- Remote opportunity	Cardinal Intellectual Property is actively seeking Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer to join our dynamic and fast-growing technology team. This is an excellent opportunity for an Engineer who wants to work with cutting edge technologies and to be a crucial part of building the next generation of our applications by integrating machine learning to speed up the business process.This is a cross-technology opportunity which involves machine learning model invention and application, with the goal of assisting lawyers, researchers, and field specialists in retrieving relevant data quickly and accurately. Your role will be to critically analyze new methods and technologies and apply them to scalable, enterprise-ready code responsible for processing large-scale image search requests in new and intelligent ways.Position Responsibilities/Duties: Research and implement new image search models and improvements to existing ones using big data to solve real-world problems.Collaborate and contribute with other engineers to facilitate creation of novel architectures.Building scalable, enterprise grade implementations using Python and other technologies executing in a multi-server cloud contextAnalyzing data form(architecture), storage, transfer, and representation to improve performance for clients and users.Work directly with PMs POs, DB engineers, DevOps, engineers, and others, as necessary.Required Skills and Abilities: 3+ years using PythonExperience with Computer Vision such as Image Recognition, Segmentation, ClassificationHand-on experience with classical Machine Learning and Deep LearningUnderstanding of denormalized database structures and retrieval methods e.g., SQL)Experience with NumPy/TensorFlow/torch/pandasExperience with FlaskExperience with OpenCV or other computer vision librariesExperience with Docker is a plusExperience with Spark is a plusExperience with Azure is a plusQualifications: Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science or a related field3+ years’ experience in machine learningHands-on experience in developing deep learning solutionsExperience with search algorithms/modelsCompany Benefits for Full Time employees: Insurance Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, V-Life).Paid Time Off including Paid Sick time off.Paid Company Holidays.Retirement Plan-401(K) & ROTH; contributions from Company to retirement plan is in the form of profit sharing.Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. As a leader in the patent research industry, Cardinal IP has been contracted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to conduct their PCT searches and prepare the preliminary opinions across all subject categories. Our technology solutions for intellectual property management include Invention Disclosure Processing, Docketing, and Competitive Monitoring. Our technology platforms incorporate rigorous security and data protection standards, and we maintain confidentiality using the same diligence and procedures as a law firm.Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance.Job Type: Full-time
9	30+ days ago	Relativity	Senior Data Scientist- Trace	"We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal and compliance professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it. The US Department of Justice, 199 of the Am Law 200, and more than 329,000 enabled users trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.

Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
We believe that great talent is not bound by geography and that what you do matters more than where you do it. Relativity has assumed a hybrid work strategy, allowing choice and flexibility for employees to work either from home, a physical Relativity office location (once safe to do so), or a combination of the two, within certain logistical boundaries. Submit your application to learn more from our recruiters or contact us for more details.

Relativity Trace is an early-stage business within Relativity that’s bringing a best-in-class communication surveillance platform to the global market. Our team’s vision is to build a world free of professional misconduct. Trace is the most flexible communication surveillance platform allowing compliance teams to have full control over how they monitor risk. It leverages innovative artificial intelligence to supplement compliance team capabilities to reduce false positive alerting and increase efficiency.
This Data Scientist will work closely with product leaders and the Compliance AI engineering team to build Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) capabilities that pinpoint regulatory misconduct at financial services organizations. They will explore, validate, and guide implementation of inventive solutions that are new to the market, while also engaging our clients and industry with whitepapers, blog posts, and presentations.
Responsibilities:
Own the data science and statistical decisions that make up our Compliance AI offerings.
Apply experience and knowledge from a comprehensive understanding of data science to the specific opportunities we face with our products and features.
Work directly with Product Managers and Engineers to interrogate and distill our clients' problems into their purest forms.
Operate independently to conduct investigations while meeting deadlines.
Specify and communicate solutions to Architects and Engineers, collaborating with team members through final implementation.
Advocate solutions through publishing blog posts, research papers, and white papers, as well as speaking at E-discovery and Analytics conferences.
Preferred Qualifications:
Excellent, enthusiastic communicator
Deep understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Latent Semantic Analysis, Support Vector Machine, Natural Language Processing, Neural Networks, Ensemble methods, and/or Bayesian methods
5 or more years of industry experience or equivalent experience advising product development and evaluating different solutions for best fit in a software product.
Minimum Qualifications:
3-5+ years of professional Data Science experience (no recent grads)
Azure or other cloud platform experience a plus
Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithms: LSI, SVM
Legal industry experience preferred, not required
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.

Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.

So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law."
10	30+ days ago	Alteryx, Inc.	Staff Data Scientist	"We’re looking for problem solvers, innovators, and dreamers who are searching for anything but business as usual. Like us, you’re a high performer who’s an expert at your craft, constantly challenging the status quo. You value inclusivity and want to join a culture that empowers you to show up as your authentic self. You know that success hinges on commitment, that our differences make us stronger, and that the finish line is always sweeter when the whole team crosses together.
We are excited to be adding to our expanding Data Science Team with the addition of a Staff Data Scientist position, accelerating our efforts to push the boundaries on data science process & model development for Alteryx. In this position, you will function as the technical lead for our internal Data Science efforts, leveraging your experience and expertise to build data science processes and models to revolutionize the way Alteryx interacts with our customers and goes to market. You will also lead our efforts around process and model management, ensuring the team leverages a consistent framework to develop, implement and maintain the solutions we develop with the business. As part of the role, you will work closely with our Data Engineering, Infrastructure and Governance teams to ensure our Data Science products are high-quality and robust end-to-end, from the data used in the model to the implementation & management strategy.
This is an exciting opportunity to help drive continued adoption of data science techniques throughout Alteryx while delivering exceptional value & insights for the company.
In addition, the team will be working to drive our Alteryx for Good mission, helping schools and citizen data scientists around the world become more data literate, more capable of answering questions, and more able to solve problems. It is a meaningful and exciting role to be in!
Responsibilities
Technical Lead : Leverage deep technical knowledge and expertise to quickly build MVP solutions and work across the broader Data Science team to drive the solution towards production. Function as technical lead on key Data Science initiatives, helping the team solution and deliver on timely, relevant and value-oriented business solutions
Data Science Best Practices: Lead team efforts on establishing an operating framework for data science product development, from data products & feature development to model implementation & management
Process & Model Management: Establish and lead team practices around process/model development & management, ensuring analytics/models are developed using common tools and are maintained/updated on consistent basis
Thought-Leader: Keep the team up to date on the latest Data Science, coding, and process best practices and techniques, helping the team to consistently push the boundaries of what is possible
Coach & Mentor : Upskill newer data scientists on team through 1:1 interactions and lead regular knowledge shares/lunch & learns on the application of novel techniques for Alteryx business problems
Creativity: Leverage & implement a wide array of statistical, econometric, ML and advanced analytic methods to drive business insights and support data-driven decisions, thinking ‘outside-the-box’ on the implementation and execution of these methods
Business Savy : Constant & persistent drive to assess and improve business processes and practices through the application of data science techniques
Customer-Centric: Always put customer needs first by delivering quick, agile and thoughtful analytics while continuing to find opportunities to provide incremental insights and capabilities to our partners
Qualifications
Graduate Degree in Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, Physics, Data Science or other Quantitative Discipline a plus
5-10 years' relevant professional experience leveraging data & analytic techniques with direct business application (Prediction, Forecasting, Inference, Recommendation Engines, etc.).
Proven experience leading projects or small teams through end-to-end development of a Data Science Product (Problem Formulation -> Deployment, Maintenance & Management)
Experience in developing technical culture and capabilities within modern data science organization, mentoring & coaching team members on projects & best practices
Experience driving & executing data science process & model governance best practices while maintaining an agile, customer-centric focus
Experience with quantifying and measuring the impact and value of analytic process and models to the business
Expert in Alteryx, Python, R or other Data Science oriented languages
Ability to interface directly with customers to independently solve problems and facilitate solution implementations
Experience working in a fast-paced culture, managing multiple deliverables a plus
Bonus
Experience in Sales and/or Marketing Analytics within Software Industry
Solution Development/Delivery Experience
Experience with AWS or Other Cloud Platforms
Compensation:

Alteryx is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The salary range for this role in Irvine is $128,700 - $218,800. This position is also remote-friendly and, as such, compensation will ultimately be in line with the location in which the position is filled. Final compensation for this role will be determined by various factors such as a candidate’s relevant work experience, skills, certifications, and geographic location.
This role is eligible for variable compensation including bonus and stock grants.
Interested? Learn more and apply today at alteryx.com/careers!

#LI-JE1

Find yourself checking a lot of these boxes but doubting whether you should apply? At Alteryx, we support a growth mindset for our associates through all stages of their careers. If you meet some of the requirements and you share our values, we encourage you to apply. As part of our ongoing commitment to a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace, we’re invested in building teams with a wide variety of backgrounds, identities, and experiences .
Benefits & Perks:
Alteryx has amazing benefits for all Associates which can be viewed here ."
11	18 days ago	Humana	Data Scientist 2 (Remote US)	"Humana's Claims Cost Management (CCM) Team is looking for a Data Scientist 2 to join working 100% from home anywhere in the US. You will be part of a team whose primary focus is on building data-driven analytical solutions to prevent fraudulent claims.
Responsibilities
As a Data Scientist 2, you will use mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. You will develop, maintain and collect both, structured and unstructured, data sets for analysis and reporting. Additionally, you will create reports, projections, models and presentations to support business strategy and tactics.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field
3+ years of experience in data analytics
2+ years of experience programming with either Python or R
2+ years of SQL and PL/SQL experience
Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting
Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Work at Home/Remote Requirements
Must ensure designated work area is free from distractions during work hours and virtual meetings
Must provide a high-speed DSL or cable modem for a workspace (Satellite and Hotspots are prohibited). A minimum standard speed of 10x1 (10mbs download x 1mbs upload) for optimal performance of is required
Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field
Healthcare or managed care experience
Demonstrated experience with SAS, MATLAB, DataRobot or similar statistical tools
Demonstrated experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI or Qlik
Knowledge of NLP (Natural Language Processing), RegEx (Regular Expression), RPA (Robotic Process Automation), and/or DataRobot.
Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40"
12	8 days ago	Service King	Data Scientist- Remote (Remote)	"Hiring position in the Dallas Metroplex or Dallas Metroplex
Position Title: Data Scientist Department: information Technology
Reports To: Jeff Price/Robert Kalsing
Our Company:
For over 40 years, Service King has been a collision repair operator of choice, with 350 locations in 24 states with a mission to provide a secure, fulfilling workplace that motivates our teammates to deliver safe, superior repairs with excellent customer service.
Position Summary:
Service King is seeking a Data Scientist to join our IT team as part of our Process Mining / ML initiatives and to expand our existing Data Science capabilities across the organization. The primary responsibility of this role is to solve business problems using Process Mining/ML and provide solutions using our Business Intelligence platforms. As a member of our Data and Reporting team, the role will work closely with our Data Science Lead and business stakeholders across the organization to provide user-driven, self-service analytics for data discovery and insights.
Responsibilities:
Design, build, and maintain Process Mining models, dashboards, and analyses to solve operational business goals and strategic initiatives
Perform SQL data extraction and data modeling from our Enterprise Data Warehouse
Perform data mining and process mining on large datasets to discover trends and patterns using techniques, data visualization, and advanced analytics (e.g. Celonis, Power BI, SQL, or similar)
Propose analysis and solutions to business challenges; collaborate with IT team to document technical design and data requirements
Collaborate with business stakeholders to gather process mining requirements and use cases; document and present business use case
Perform data validation and support investigation and remediation of process and data issues
Competencies:
Core Competencies:
Teamwork - Builds strong relationships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared goals; Strengthens relationships by promoting mutual trust and supporting teammates.
Accountability - Holds self and others accountable to meet and exceed commitments; Focuses on quality results, monitors progress, learns from mistakes, and strives for improvement.
Results Driven - Can be counted on to drive pace to achieve results and consistently meet or exceed expectations; Executes priorities with a focus on critical work to achieve targeted goals.
Sound Judgment - Makes good decisions by analyzing the situation, leveraging experience, and using available information; Objectively evaluates problems, discovers root causes, and works toward timely resolution.
Customer Focus - Maintains a relentless focus on customers and is committed to the continuous improvement of services; Keeps internal and external customers in mind at all times and strives to proactively address customer concerns and needs.
Interpersonal Skills - Ability to create positive interactions with customers
Multi-Tasking - Ability to work on and successfully complete many different task or projects at the same time
Problem-Solving - Ability to determine solutions to customer problems quickly and effectively
Stress Management - Ability to perform under pressure and in adversity
Excellent Written and Verbal Communication - Ability to provide clear, concise information in writing, via phone or in-person
Position Requirements
Experience with Process Mining software (e.g. Celonis, UiPath, myInvenio, etc.) and Business Intelligence software (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, etc.)
Experience querying large complex datasets and data modeling using SQL, Python, etc.
Excellent communication and presentation skills to effectively collaborate with multiple business functions across our organization; work effectively in a team environment
Attention to detail in work items and in documentation of methods, procedures, standards
Strong analytical ability and problem-solving aptitude
High-level organizational and Agile project management skills to work in a fast paced, dynamic environment with changing deadlines and requirements
Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or related field with 2+ years of data science experience
Service King provides equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.
Requisition ID: 23442
Category: Information Technology
Job Type: Full-Time"
13	30+ days ago	Eventbrite	Senior Data Scientist, Engineering	"THE CHALLENGE
Eventbrite has the world’s largest data repository of live events, powering millions of events and hundreds of millions of ticket transactions each year in 170+ countries. You will play a key role in unlocking insights that can drive growth in these unprecedented times.
THE TEAM
The Data Strategy Organization is a cross-functional group of Data Engineers, Scientists, and Analysts who collectively build and maintain data assets for the world’s largest collection of live events. The core data science team works closely with product, marketing, engineering, and sales to develop new data assets and models to improve our operational efficiencies as well as to build new data products to grow our competitive advantage and in turn, revenue.
THE ROLE
We are looking for an experienced, inquisitive, and capable senior data scientist who exhibits exceptional technical know-how and strong business sense to join our team. As a member of this team, you will have an opportunity to work with passionate and resourceful data scientists in a dynamic environment. You will:
Explore our large dataset to extract meaningful insights to identify opportunities for data-driven product
developmentExplore various approaches, train models, create working prototypes, collect feedback, and iterateCollaborate with engineering teams to turn your models into production software at scale, deploy and monitor their
performanceCollaborate with product managers to design the most suitable machine learning solution to their problemsCultivate strong relationships with leaders and be willing to assume ownership and the drive to challenge existing
ideas
Required Qualifications
 4+ years of hands-on technical experience in a data science, machine learning engineer, or equivalent role
 Proficiency in SQL, Python and familiarity with standard machine learning and data processing packages
 Experience in code optimization, deployment, and monitoring production machine learning models
 Expert knowledge of machine learning, applied statistics, and A/B testing
 Strong communication and collaboration skills with team members and cross functional product partners
 Track record of leading successful cross functional projects
Preferred Qualifications
 Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or a related field
 Experience with a deep learning framework
 Experience with two sided marketplaces
 Experience with recommendation systems
 Experience with AWS (DynamoDB, SageMaker) or equivalent
 Experience with Airflow
WHAT WE OFFER
At Eventbrite, we strive to support our Britelings and their loved ones through different stages of life with robust and attractive benefits, financial and physical wellness options, and great perks.
In addition to offering a competitive salary and company stock, we have other great benefits available. In the Briteland, you’ll find great medical plans, fertility and adoption benefits, wellness reimbursement, generous parental leave, on-site services, and much more.
We care about your mental health and wellbeing
Our employees enjoy free coaching sessions with Modern Health. We also offer free therapy sessions with a psychologist. You’ll also have access to private medical insurance for you and your family, that includes dental care. And if you like sports, we have our wellness program to pay for your gym expenses.
Ongoing training and career development is an important part of our culture
We offer unlimited access to courses in Udemy, language exchange programs, internal training, Briteling talks, workshops and weekly sessions with our CEO
Work-life balance is extremely important to us
Our employees can choose what works best for them: work in one of our offices, be fully remote or the best of both worlds! We believe in a flexible working environment to allow Britelings to perform at their best ensuring a healthy work-life balance. We have recently implemented Britebreak Fridays: all Britelings turn off their computers and take the first Friday of every month off to focus on their wellbeing.
Please note that the job can be performed anywhere where Eventbrite has an entity except Colorado.
ABOUT EVENTBRITE
Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of nearly one million event creators in over 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it's an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 300 million tickets distributed to more than 4 million experiences in 2019, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love.

IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?
Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team.
Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics."
14	13 days ago	BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.	Data Scientist	"BioMarin is the world leader in delivering therapeutics that provide meaningful advances to patients who live with serious and life-threatening rare genetic diseases. We target diseases that lack effective therapies and affect relatively small numbers of patients, many of whom are children. These conditions are often inherited, difficult to diagnose, progressively debilitating and have few, if any, treatment options. BioMarin will continue to focus on advancing therapies that are the first or best of their kind.


BioMarin’s Research & Development group is responsible for everything from research and discovery to post-market clinical development. Research & Development involves all bench and clinical research and the associated groups that support those endeavors. Our teams work on developing first-in-class and best-in-class therapeutics that provide meaningful advances to patients who live with rare diseases. Come join our team and make a meaningful impact on patients’ lives.


Summary
High-performing, high-impact tactical and strategic position requiring outstanding technical and people skills to bring in contemporary data science perspectives in order to foster quantitative thinking and decision-making grounded in data across the enterprise
As a Transdisciplinary Data Scientist, you will elevate BioMarin’s use of data. You will bring quantitative thinking and statistical analysis to challenges in potentially any area of the company. You will collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams—potentially comprising clinical scientists, non-clinical researchers, pharmaceutical regulatory experts, manufacturers, biotechnology marketers, statisticians, epidemiologists, finance staff, human resource personnel, management, etc.—on a wide range of problems. Thus a key aspect of the position is to be able to interface with counterparts with a wide range of professional backgrounds and varying aptitude with the technical aspects of data analysis, and to provide those partners with data analyses and interpretations they can understand and act upon.
An important function of the position is education, equipping collaborators to understand and utilize their own data, productively and with methodological rigor.
In short, the Transdisciplinary Data Scientist will advance BioMarin’s capability to turn data into information that informs decisions. The position is high-visibility, high-impact, and comes with high expectations to demonstrate value from data analysis.
Responsibilities
Work with unique, complex, messy data sets.
Solve difficult, unusual analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Exhibit solid understanding of core statistical concepts and advanced methods while at the same time favoring simplicity and exhibiting flexibility in how to approach data.
Carry out hands-on the full process of conducting analyses: conceptualization and planning, data gathering, statistical analysis, interpretation of results, and reporting and presentation. Supervise teams to do the same.
Design and plan data collection and analysis to answer business questions.
Interact effectively with cross-functional counterparts: understand their problems, formulate practical, actionable approaches, and communicate the solutions effectively.
Exhibit exceptional communication skills including report-writing and presentation.
Educate counterparts with widely varying functional roles and technical backgrounds on concepts of data science to equip them to effectively utilize their own data.
Qualifications
Master’s (minimum) or PhD (strongly preferred) in a quantitative discipline (data science or closely related field)
5+ years of work experience in data analysis
Quantitative skills
Expertise with hands-on data analysis including programming (SAS, R, Python, SQL, etc.)
Demonstrated knowledge of core statistical and data science concepts and principles
Basic familiarity with statistical methods common in clinical research such as linear models, multivariate analysis, longitudinal data analysis, categorical data analysis, and study design
Applied experience with a variety of machine learning and data mining techniques (linear models, clustering, decision trees, random forests, boosting, neural networks, text mining, scenario analysis, simulation, etc.) including understanding of their real-world advantages and drawbacks
Coding knowledge and experience (C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.) preferred
Experience using Web services (Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc.), third party data providers (Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.), and distributed data/computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.) preferred
Ability to manipulate and make best use of complex, messy data sets
Ability to architect data structures preferred
Mastery of effective presentation of data, particularly data visualization
Aptitude to learn new quantitative methods
Proven ability to marshal quantitative and interpersonal skills to draw useful insights from data
Transdisciplinary skills
Experience articulating cross-disciplinary business questions and using statistical analyses to arrive at actionable answers
Proven ability to work in as well as lead cross-functional teams including key non-technical stakeholders
Enthusiasm and ability to teach including audiences with and without technical backgrounds
Soft skills
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated drive to learn and master new technologies, techniques, business areas
Flexibility to adapt quantitative approaches to new situations
Eagerness to learn about BioMarin’s science and business operations
Proven track record in creative problem solving leading to practical solutions
Basic familiarity with biotechnology research and the pharmaceutical industry
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
15	30+ days ago	Extend	Data Scientist, Finance Analytics	"About Extend:

Extend is modernizing the $100 billion-per-year extended warranty and protection plan industry using cutting-edge technology, and top-notch customer service. With a $260M Series C round of funding, we are ready to continue to scale our organization and grow beyond our $1.6B valuation.
Our API-first solution allows any merchant to offer extended warranties and protection plans, both online and offline, while also providing a merchant's end customers with a vastly improved and modern support experience that eliminates many of the issues customers face today with legacy underwriters.
We are a venture-backed startup based in downtown San Francisco (and since COVID began, fully remotely) that is headed by founders who have previously led multiple successful exits. Extend is simplifying the technology stack for the extended warranty industry in the same ways that Stripe did for online payments and Affirm did for consumer point-of-sale financing.
About the Role:

This is a data science/analytics hire to support Extend's Risk and Analytics team, focused on assisting the Finance organization with projects related to data and financial reporting, investor due diligence, and KPIs and metrics for tracking overall business operations. You will have the opportunity to help scale within the organization.


What You Will Be Doing:
Collaborating with stakeholders across the organization to establish the highest business priorities and opportunities by measuring expected reach and impact for operations-focused teams
Work with our Risk & Analytics team to build deep-dive analytics to help drive step-change improvements in efficiency (beyond day-to-day workforce management), and build metrics to measure performance of the business
Partner with the Finance team and senior leadership in facilitating the generation of financial reporting for recurring requirements such as invoicing and revenue recognition, and assembling data and analyses for requests related to investor due diligence and capital raising.
Performing exploratory data analysis to assemble metrics and KPIs to assess and gauge activity across the Extend platform, and support teams throughout Extend by delivering analyses and recommending process improvements to help the business continue to scale
Support business operations, finance, revenue operations, and other internal teams by building analytics and reporting to understand overall business performance and increase organizational efficiencies
What We Are Looking For:
A curious, entrepreneurial leader with plenty of grit, analytical prowess, creative thinking, and initiative
2-4 years of analytics, management consulting, finance, and/or strategic operations experience with a digital product or service
Experience in performing financial analyses and reporting, supporting BizOps and FP&A teams, and assisting with investor due diligence for capital raising
Experience with SQL and Python, R or Julia, experience with Machine Learning and/or forecasting is a plus
Experience in the retail or fintech landscape is a plus
Ability and interest in thinking beyond the revenue organization, considering the challenges of other teams, and prioritizing what is best for the business holistically, is essential
Ability to communicate across the organization, especially to teams with less data & analytics experience
Empathy and humility
Life at Extend:
Working with a great team from diverse backgrounds in a collaborative and supportive environment.
Competitive salary based on experience, with full medical and dental & vision benefits.
Stock in an early-stage startup growing quickly.
Unlimited vacation policy.
401(k) with Financial Guidance from Morgan Stanley."
16	30+ days ago	Marriott International, Inc	Manager, Data Scientist, Advanced Data Science	"Posting Date Apr 08, 2021
Job Number 21030742
Job Category Sales & Marketing
Location Marriott International HQ, 10400 Fernwood Road, Bethesda, Maryland, United States VIEW ON MAP
Brand Corporate
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management
Located Remotely? Y

Marriott International is the world’s largest hotel company, with more brands, more hotels and more opportunities for associates to grow and succeed. We believe a great career is a journey of discovery and exploration. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?
﻿

JOB SUMMARY
Are you passionate about the power of big data to drive customer value? Do you enjoy maneuvering complex data sets to build elegant Machine Learning models? Do you go beyond building models to ensure they are actionable? Do you list Python or R as one of the languages you speak?!
Marriott, the world’s largest hotel company, is seeking someone like you to help enhance data science capabilities to drive customer engagement and value with the personalized experience. This position is part of specialized team of Data Scientists collaborating on projects that may support any number of business areas within Marriott. Projects could include the creation of predictive models, complex statistical analyses as well as Machine Learning driven strategies.
CANDIDATE PROFILE
Education and Experience Preferred
4-year degree from an accredited university in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline required
Master’s degree from an accredited university in in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline desired
2+ years’ experience in the quantitative Data Analyst/Data Scientist or a related role with domain knowledge in customer,marketing, an digital personalization demonstrating progressive career growth and a pattern of exceptional performance AND
Master’s degree in the above fields with less years’ experience of strong machine learning/AI concentration also considered.
Proven track record of developing, scaling and implementing Machine Learning models in customer facing environments
Proven ability to solve problems using the right data structure in the most efficient and effective way
Minimum of 2 years of programming using: Python or Spark, along with stellar visualization and persuasive story telling
Additional experience using the following tools is desired
Python, R, SQL
Jupyter Notebook
Spark
Kafka
Git, Jira
AWS
CORE WORK ACTIVITIES
Managing Projects
Participates in major data science projects
Brings working knowledge of latest techniques and technologies to advance the machine learning capabilities of Marriott
Mines large data sets (billions of rows) for insights and recommendations
Participates in projects to build predictive and prescriptive models
Partners with peers and leaders on the team to ensure insights are clearly communicated to project stakeholders
Creates compelling visualizations to influence leaders and business decisions.
Shares data modeling knowledge and expertise in support of Business as Usual projects and analysis when required
Provide Technical Support and Consultation
Provide machine learning models for complex multi-channel programs, platform evaluations, and strategic planning
Participate in the development and evaluation of algorithms that support Marriott’s “Customer Decision Engine” that drives personalization across all customer touch points
Marshals internal data management, reporting, analytic and research resources and, when appropriate, selects and manages external suppliers, ensuring timely, on-budget delivery on expectations.
Identifies and pilots innovative analytic and modeling techniques.
Keeps up-to-date technically and is a role model for the application new domain knowledge to the job.
Collaborate across Customer Experience and Brand, Marketing, Sales, and Consumer Consumer Operations Discipline and Continent Teams.
Perform complex analytics projects across broad set of stakeholders, clearly aligning on business and data needs, managing expectations, and delivering results in a timely manner.
Provide business-minded analytics and modeling support, both working well with data and demonstrating strong business acumen
Partner with the broader Customer Experience Analytics team, including Digital & Distribution and Marketing, Loyalty, and Media Analytics, to support the mission of the CX Analytics team
Provides guidance to Data Management and Reporting Teams on the creation and distribution of reports and dashboards for field and corporate stakeholders.
Support teams within BMSC and Continent organizations in their efforts to leverage systems, technologies, and tools.
Collaborates in setting overall department analytic standards and policies, representing the perspective of globally-applicable and customizable analytic approaches that meet the needs of the business.
Additional Responsibilities
Provide information to supervisors and co-workers in a timely manner.
Demonstrate self-confidence, energy, and enthusiasm.
Inform and/or update leaders on relevant information in a timely manner.
Manage time effectively and conduct activities in an organized manner.
Present ideas, expectations, and information in a concise, organized manner.
Use problem solving methodology for decision making and follow-up.
Perform other reasonable duties as assigned by manager.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law."
17	30+ days ago	Acxiom	Data Scientist (Remote)	"At Acxiom, our vision is to transform data into value for everyone. Our data products and analytical services enable marketers to recognize, better understand, and then deliver highly applicable messages to consumers across any available channel. The Audience Solutions division is responsible for enabling true people-based marketing with identity resolution and rich descriptive and predictive audience segmentation. We are seeking an experienced Data Scientist with a versatile skill set to undertake data science supporting the development of next-generation products for Acxiom’s business.


As part of the Audience Solutions Analytic COE, the Data Scientist will work hands-on with Machine Learning and Big Data technologies and build scalable machine learning data products and solutions for our domestic and global businesses. The Data Scientist’s responsibilities include collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to identify insight requirements and applying creativity to test hypotheses, prepare data, build models, analyze and visualize results and integrate the solution into innovative data products. The Data Scientist will be a champion of the latest and greatest Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence technologies.
At Acxiom, our vision is to transform data into value for everyone. Our data products and analytical services enable marketers to recognize, better understand, and then deliver highly applicable messages to consumers across any available channel. The Audience Solutions division is responsible for enabling true people-based marketing with identity resolution and rich descriptive and predictive audience segmentation. We are seeking an experienced Data Scientist with a versatile skill set to undertake data science supporting the development of next-generation products for Acxiom’s business.
As part of the Audience Solutions Analytic COE, the Data Scientist will work hands-on with Machine Learning and Big Data technologies and build scalable machine learning data products and solutions for our domestic and global businesses. The Data Scientist’s responsibilities include collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to identify insight requirements and applying creativity to test hypotheses, prepare data, build models, analyze and visualize results and integrate the solution into innovative data products. The Data Scientist will be a champion of the latest and greatest Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence technologies.
What you will do:
Apply state-of-the-art algorithms relying on knowledge of statistical modeling, machine learning, and optimization to develop new data products or improve the performance/quality of existing products
Build, evaluate and optimize models which incorporate machine learning and artificial intelligence
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to understand business and insight goals, define a learning agenda, and identify relevant KPIs and diagnostics to pursue
Collaborate with other data scientists and team leads to define project requirements including data sources, algorithms, and implementation
Build expert knowledge of the various data sources brought together for audience segmentation solutions – survey/panel data, 3rd-party data (demographics, psychographics, lifestyle segments), media content activity (TV, Digital, Mobile), and product purchase or transaction data
Work with Product and Engineering teams to transition development projects to production systems
Prepare and present compelling analytical presentations and effectively communicate complex concepts to marketing and business audiences
Provide mentorship and guidance to data scientists and analyst both at Acxiom and Client where necessary
What you will have:
Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative field (Data Science, Statistics, Math) or related degree programs and 3+ years of relevant work experience.
Experience with applying statistics and data science tools on large datasets
Deep knowledge of supervised vs. unsupervised learning algorithms, including neural networks/deep learning, SVM, decision trees (bagging, random forests, boosting), clustering, regression, and dimensionality reduction techniques
Expert at model training approaches, hyperparameter tuning, tuning learning rates, and model evaluation approaches
Extensive experience with data preparation (normalization, scaling, etc.) for modeling
Exposure to Python or R libraries for machine learning
Exposure to Spark/ PySpark systems in a distributed computing environment
SQL mastery, including techniques for writing efficient code over large datasets
Experience using Hadoop stack, including Hive and Impala. Knowledge of Apache-based open source technologies such as Storm, Cassandra, Ruby, etc. a plus
Ability to leverage critical data-driven thinking and enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight to generate consistently accurate and useful analysis and models
Balances desire for quantitative rigor with realities of inconsistent business data
Attention to detail and time management delivering high-quality work for multiple projects across several engagements while meeting deadlines
#GD17
Primary Location City/State:
Homebased - Conway, Arkansas
Additional Locations (if applicable):
Conway, Homebased - Conway - ADC, Homebased - Data Center - Little Rock, Homebased - Detroit, Homebased - Ft. Lauderdale, Homebased - New York, Homebased - Partner Site - Birmingham, Homebased - Plano
Acxiom is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, military status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics or other protected status."
18	30+ days ago	Principal Financial Group	Data Scientist (Customer Analytics)	"Responsibilities:

As a Data Scientist, you will lead high economic impact projects that deliver insights using cutting edge data science methods and techniques. You will design, build, and iterate on business-driven analytics. You will collaborate with business leaders as well as analytic and technology team members to develop analysis plans and propel insights into action!
You’ll investigate trends in data, applying models, algorithms, and statistical tests to provide recommendations and change business processes. You’ll gain exposure across our business by providing consultation on priority analytic projects, as well as guiding more junior team members.
We’re seeking someone with demonstrated experience with customer analytics - supporting brand, marketing, and experience teams through customer segmentation, marketing mix, journey analytics, and a variety of prediction and forecasting problems. Other types of things you’ll do:
Drive the execution of applied high profile research projects by working with global, multi-functional colleagues across the organization to execute on analytic projects.
Apply appropriate data science methods/techniques to collect data, analyze, interpret results, and provide recommended actions.
Present methodology and conclusions of analyses to leadership, key partners and team members.
Maintain perspective on state-of-the-art impactful data science trends by staying abreast of external standard practices and methods.
Partner with leaders to determine other organizational efforts that can benefit from the application of data science methods and techniques, and support identified efforts.
Provide advice and guidance to junior team members on their projects.

Qualifications:

We’re looking for someone with:
Master’s Degree and 6+ years related experience or PhD with 4+ years of related experience
Degree in a scientific field such as statistics, economics, engineering, sociology, or psychology required.
Knowledge of a wide range of machine learning algorithms and statistical methods. Experience in designing analytic project plans that align business requirements and analytic technique.
Proficiency in R, Python, SQL, and data visualization
Previous experience working with marketing or customer experience analytics is highly preferred.
Experience with AWS or other cloud platforms is desired.
Ability to communicate a cohesive story illustrating insights that stem from analytic projects.
Additional Information:
Location
We are open to hosting this role in our Des Moines, IA headquarters or remotely.
Work Authorization/Sponsorship
At this time, we're not considering candidates that need any type of immigration sponsorship now or in the future or those needing work authorization for this role. (This includes, but is not limited to students on F1-OPT, F1-CPT, J-1, etc.)
Investment Code of Ethics
For Principal Global Investors positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization.
Experience Principal
While our expertise spans the globe, we're bound by one common purpose: to foster a world where financial security is accessible to all. And our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our employees – individually and all of us together. Explore our core values, benefits and why we’re an exceptional place to grow your career.
Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status."
19	29 days ago	Exact Sciences Corporation	Data Scientist, Commercial Analytics	"Summary of Major Responsibilities:

The Data Scientist performs data analysis to extract knowledge or insight from structured or unstructured data. This position will apply advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale, complex datasets. This position will keep up to date with cutting-edge techniques in programming, machine learning, big data, and healthcare modeling and will seek ways to advance the organization’s capabilities in analytics.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Apply machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence techniques.
Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data.
Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questions.
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships and construct new analytics methods.
Develop and implement Markov decision process models and healthcare economic models.
Articulate a vision and roadmap for the utilization of data as a valued corporate asset.
Visualize information and develop reports on results of data analysis.
Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations.
Spread best practices to analytics and product teams.
Implement new tools to make data analysis more efficient.
Ability to work with minimal supervision.
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment.
Ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 80% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.
Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, information technology, or related field.
3+ years of experience working with large datasets for drawing business insights.
1+ years of experience in a data science role.
Professional working knowledge of machine learning; including solving complex business problems, predictive modeling, leveraging both structured and unstructured data sources, relational databases, and SQL.
Professional working knowledge of statistics and modeling techniques.
Fluent in Python or R programming.
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or related field.
Experience in cloud environments.
Professional working knowledge of distributed computing and big data technologies, such as Spark or related technologies.
Professional working knowledge of statistical methodologies and tools (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.), mathematical optimization, control theory, and time-series analysis.
Professional working knowledge of Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, or Recommender Systems.
EEO Disclosure:

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request."
20	5 days ago	Pluralsight	Machine Learning Engineer	"Job Description:
Pluralsight is hiring a Senior Machine Learning Engineer in our Boston, UT office. The role can also be US-based remote.
The Opportunity
In this role you will be a part of a product development team that delivers personalized experiences to Pluralsight's learners. You'll help our learners discover content that is relevant to their interests and goals, provide them with a homepage tailored just to their needs, and ensure they are receiving the right communication and assistance with their learning journey at the right time. You’ll be a part of a team that is user focused, has a mentality for experimentation, and iterates quickly. As an experienced machine learning engineer, your expertise will be vital to solving sophisticated problems and building the algorithms and frameworks that accelerate our personalization capabilities.
Who you are committed to being:
Some of the technologies that we love are: Python 3, Tensorflow, Airflow, Kafka, Typescript, Express, PostgreSQL, AWS, Kubernetes, Dask
Attention to detail - we want to be proud of our work
Test Driven Development - We maintain a suite of good tests for all production code.
Pair programming as well as individual with code reviews - we value collaborative development
Continuous Delivery - teams independently ship code to prod every day
Agile - we reduce the time to learn by having short feedback loops
Continual improvement - we take time to sharpen the saw and adjust how we work
Autonomous & responsible teams - we’re empowered to make our own product and development decisions to do the job
Cross-functional teams - collaborating through all phases of the product dev process
Customer research - we build what our customers actually want
Leaders who trust- teams build without top-down feature requirements
What you’ll own:
Develop robust, scalable production machine learning algorithms and recommendation systems. Evaluate trade-offs and do performance tuning for production traffic.
Work closely with Data Scientists to take prototype algorithms and models and turn them into customer-facing solutions.
Use your engineering expertise to help build solutions to novel problems in software development, data engineering, and machine learning.
Provide technical leadership and mentoring to more junior MLEs, knowing both when to step back and when to step in.
Build data pipelines. Transform and convert data streams into structures needed for algorithm input.
Collaborate with Product Managers and UX Designers to better understand the customer, provide valuable input into functional design and usability
Evaluate the efficiency of user experiences and ML algorithms, determining what data is needed and how to collect it, with an understanding of how these metrics are connected the desired outcomes
Apply your experience to make intelligent, forward-thinking, technical decisions to our development process, including implementing new standards, tools, APIs, and workflows.
Experience you'll need:
You have a passion to use machine learning to deliver product personalization at scale and the skills to go with it.
You have several years of experience building production machine learning systems services as part of a product development team, ideally in the context of recommendations and/or personalization.
You have worked in a collaborative development environment and have experience with continuous integration and delivery.
You are a strong Python developer, know your way around TensorFlow, and have a proficiency in data structures and database fundamentals. Experience with Node and Typescript are helpful.
You have a solid base in Computer Science and Math, and an understanding of the fundamentals of Machine Learning. Regardless of your formal training, you get excited on reading up on modern machine learning techniques and applications.
You care about writing good code and building great software. You understand the trade-offs when we have to move faster, but you know what quality means and how to get there when we need to.
You are comfortable moving up and down the stack. It matters less that you know the exact frameworks and tools that we use, but you must be willing and able to learn very quickly. We also mean full stack across other functions - you should be excited to understand the entire business and learn from customers.
You are good at breaking down sophisticated features into smaller more manageable tasks. You have the ability to explain machine learning solutions to developers and other team members, regardless of their technical background."
21	5 days ago	Lincoln Financial	Data Scientist, Life Solutions	"Alternate Locations: Boston, MA (Massachusetts); Greensboro, NC (North Carolina); Hartford, CT (Connecticut); Radnor, PA (Pennsylvania); Work from Home (Excluding Colorado)

Relocation assistance is not available for this opportunity.

Level: P3

Requisition #65432

About the Company

Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas — Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection — focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customer’s lifestyles and retirement outcomes.

Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $238 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2018.

Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America by Forbes magazine, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees’ futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals.


Role & Responsibilities

Lincoln is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to drive the development and implementation of analytical solutions within Lincoln’s Life Solutions. In this role, you will have the opportunity to directly support innovation in Life Solutions and partner with actuarial, IT, and fellow Data Scientists to tackle challenging initiatives aimed at revolutionizing insurance. You will leverage data science and business expertise to develop predictive models that will arm our stakeholders with best in-class tools to gain a competitive advantage!
Responsibilities
This position requires candidates with experience in data preparation and analysis, statistical methods and tools, and knowledge of insurance products.
Work extensively with key stakeholders across Life Solutions to understand business needs, vet opportunities, and deliver analytically-based solutions and tools to drive business results.Provide expertise and collaborate with stakeholders to define data collection and analysis requirements and establish adequate business understanding to provide effective analysis.Identify, compile, and mine data from a wide variety of data repositories using SQL, Python, Dataiku, DataRobot, and Tableau. Validate data accuracy and confirm data quality.Complete end to end modeling, specifically building processes including data collecting and cleaning, feature extraction and reduction, missing value handling, robust predictive modeling measurement and methodologies, model deployment, and model maintenance.Design and execute analytic plans. Generate insights and inform business decisions using advanced analytical techniques.Translate quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences, clearly interpret the data and effectively communicate findings and insights to senior executives, managers, and key stakeholders.

This position can be Full-Time Work from Home - position location needs to be on the East Coast for business purposes.

#LI-DS

Certifications
Education & Experience
Minimum 3 - 5+ years of related experience, preferably modeling in insurance or health fields.4 Year Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or Information Systems required.MS or PhD degree in Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or Information Systems preferred.Knowledge of insurance principles is a plus.Broad understanding of core statistical and ML techniques with prior experience analyzing data and building models in a statistical programming language (Python preferred).Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and technologies and adapt to changes and demands in fast-paced, dynamic environment, including drawing conclusions and making decision from imperfect and disparate datasets.Strong analytical, strategic, project management, decision-making and problem-solving skills.Strong relationship management skills with internal clients (e.g. senior management, peers and colleagues); proven ability to develop creative and collaborative approaches.Curiosity and demonstrated capability to quickly learn new concepts.Flexibility and rapid adaption to the changing business environment and priorities.Strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style.Strong project management leadership skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams).

This position may be subject to Lincoln’s Political Contribution Policy. An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincoln’s current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities.

Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees.

Lincoln Financial Group (“LFG”) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information. Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 260-455-2558.

#[[customString5]]

Nearest Major Market: Boston"
22	Today	Zoom Video Communications, Inc.	Software Engineer - ML/AI	"Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
Plans, designs, develops and tests software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products including cloud-based or internet-related tools. A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, career-oriented, journey-level position. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise. Normally receives little instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments. Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 3 years and a Master’s degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience."
23	6 days ago	North Carolina Dept of Environmental Quality	Statistician I	"Pay Grade: GN12
**Recruitment Range: $46,203 - $60,527**
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the work site for this position may be remote/virtual on a temporary basis until it is determined that this position will report to a permanent office location when conditions allow. This position, if remote, may require attendance at designated workplace meetings or in the performance of business at various on-site locations.
Location of Position
This position is located at the Green Square Complex at 217 West Jones Street, Raleigh, NC.
Department Information
The North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) is the lead stewardship agency for the protection of North Carolina's environmental resources. The organization, which has offices from the mountains to the coast, administers regulatory programs designed to protect air quality, water quality, and the public's health, and also works to advance an all-of-the-above energy strategy that fits North Carolina’s needs. DEQ also offers technical assistance to businesses, farmers, local governments, and the public and encourages responsible behavior with respect to the environment through education programs provided at DEQ facilities and through the state's school system. DEQ touches the lives of all North Carolinians in many ways to enhance and ensure our quality of life. To learn more about the Department of Environmental Quality please visit our website at https://deq.nc.gov/.

Division Information
The Division of Air Quality (DAQ) works with the state's citizens to protect and improve outdoor, or ambient, air quality in North Carolina for the health, benefit and economic well-being of all. The Ambient Monitoring Section is responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of the State's air pollution monitoring network, as well as, ensuring that accurate and reliable data are collected and reported. The monitoring data are used by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in determining attainment status of the national air quality standards in North Carolina and by the State in characterizing the air quality in particular regions of the State. Such data are also used by new and expanding industry in meeting prevention of significant deterioration requirements (PSD), researchers, citizens of the State and environmentalists. Real time air quality data are made available to the public through the Division’s real time webpage and on the EPA’s AirNow webpage. To learn more about the Division of Air Quality and the regional offices please visit our website at http://deq.nc.gov/about/divisions/air-quality.
Position Information
This person will be responsible for downloading data from various EPA databases, including AirNow-Tech and the Air Quality System (AQS). This person will be responsible for uploading data to the DAQ Envista Air Resources Manager database and to AQS. This person will be responsible for using Excel and Excel macros to analyze data on a daily basis and provide reports to all members of the ambient monitor team. This person will be responsible for reviewing the minute data on a daily basis and determining if unusual minute data exists and if so, remotely logging into site computers to download 10 second data and review 10 second data to see what is occurring.
This person will also be responsible for responding to internal and external requests for data and providing data from AQS and Envista to meet internal and external data needs. As part of this response the person will need to be able to explain any caveats in the data and provide explanations of what the data codes mean so that the user can properly interpret the data received.
The person will also be responsible for analyzing the data to identify potential issues with the collected data and bringing them to the attention of the branch chemists and supervisor so that any necessary corrective actions can be taken.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities / Competencies

**To receive credit for your work history and credentials, you must list the information on the application form. Any information omitted from the application form, listed under the text resume section, or on an attachment will not be considered for qualifying credit**
Qualified applicants must possess, and the application must clearly reflect, work experience that demonstrates the following:
Thorough knowledge of the methods of statistical research of information and of investigative methodology, its application to problems and the presentation of results, including thorough knowledge of statistical software.
Considerable knowledge of mathematics and statistics are necessary to be able to understand the nuances of the data and to properly interpret large multiple parameter data sets.
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows Operating Systems and Microsoft Office, especially Excel and VBA, is also necessary.
Experience applying statistical principles and methods in the evaluation of problems and research projects.
Experience analyzing statistical data and presenting findings clearly and concisely in written and graphic form.
Experience modifying package computer programs and utilizing computers and calculators.
Ability to plan and organize work to determine the most appropriate statistical techniques for the analysis of data, calculation of results and preparation of concise reports with sound recommendations and conclusions.
Ability to communicate effectively and clearly in oral and written forms with tact, consistency, and sound judgment with a wide variety of contacts, including researchers, business leaders, contractors, industrial, municipal, county, state, federal officials of technical vocation is desirable. The ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with associates, managers, other agencies, and the public is also desirable.
Management Preferences:
A strong knowledge of:
Statistical software, R
EPA Air Quality System.
Envista Air Resources Manager and Envidas Ultimate.
Custom designed databases, using oracle and SQL.
A knowledge of chemistry, meteorological terms and phenomena that affect air quality protection and management is desirable.
Candidates that are interviewed may be required to complete a written skills test. Instructions will be given, and the exercise will be completed within a given 20-minute timeframe during the interview.

Minimum Education and Experience Requirements

Master's degree in statistics, mathematics, data science, data analytics, psychometrics or measurement and evaluation from an appropriately credited institution and one year of experience in data analysis; or Bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, data science, data analytics, psychometrics or measurement and evaluation from an appropriately credited institution and three years of experience in study design and data analysis; or an equivalent combination of education and experience."
24	18 days ago	Blue Owl	Senior Data Scientist - Insurance	"Our Mission:
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.
Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.
Minimum Qualifications:
3+ years of demonstrable expertise building and supporting machine learning models deployed to production
Expert in Python and core libraries used by data scientists (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib/Seaborn, etc.)
Experience using Jupyter notebooks
Experience working with large and/or noisy data sets
Insurance Focus Industry experience:
You have solid P&C experience and have had a significant role in building either pricing or underwriting models.
Insurance algorithms: Regulators love GLMs. You must be an expert in GLMs.
Modern tools: Maybe you used SAS in the past, but know you should be comfortable building models with Python.
Additional Details
Salary: We pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent, and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of PTO, six weeks of parental leave (12 weeks for parents who give birth), and great work-life balance.
Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during the core business hours of 9:00AM - 5:00PM PST.
Some travel required once the San Francisco office re-opens. Frequency 1/quarter.
Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office, post-COVID, for in-person collaboration purposes and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf"
25	Today	Mass General Brigham(PHS)	Data Warehouse Architect (Enterprise Data & Digital Health)	"Data Warehouse Architect (Enterprise Data & Digital Health)
 - (3158008)
About Us

As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.

We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.

Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration.

Overview

We seek employees who bring passion, are highly collaborative, and thrive in a dynamic, diverse, and inclusive team. We work in a highly agile environment with a focus on quality and achieving real impact with our work. We are excited to have a team with a rich mix of experiences, with people who bring innovative approaches to their work, an excitement for looking at things from new angles, and a spirit of continuous improvement. Finally, we seek employees who embrace and live our core values of respect, recognition, communication, commitment, trust, innovation, and service. If this sounds like you, we invite you to apply.
Mass General Brigham’s main office is in Somerville, MA. We are currently working as a fully-remote team due to COVID-19 and encourage applications from across the US as telecommuting becomes part of our new normal. We are committed to building an engaged, inclusive community and offer a variety of opportunities to come together virtually and facilitate learning and collaboration.


Mass General Brigham’s board and system-wide executive leadership are making significant investments in enterprise data and digital health, enabling innovation and transformation in the delivery of health care, research and discovery. By building out core digital and data capabilities, we are supporting the achievement of Mass General Brigham’s mission to drive growth and innovation in inpatient, ambulatory, and digital care. We are at the start of this journey and we are looking for talented individuals from across the nation to join us in transforming healthcare and in achieving the expected outcomes of this strategy: improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, and efficiency in the delivery of healthcare with excellence.

In the achievement of these goals, Mass General Brigham’s data and analytic teams are working together to build a system-wide data ecosystem. We are both leveraging current assets and building new, integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities, supporting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights. Teams from Data and Analytics, Research Analytics, Clinical Data Science, and Information Systems are collaborating to build this new data and analytic ecosystem. To ensure success of this effort, Mass General Brigham is standing up a new Data and Analytics operating model with a goal of driving a level of standardization for data and analytic operations across the teams involved.

The value of investments in data and analytics were proven out during our response to COVID-19 as these investments were leveraged to stand up new reporting and analytic capabilities to support executive and clinical leadership on managing the pandemic. Our broad data and analytic community has come together across Mass General Brigham ’s 14 healthcare sites with shared urgency, delivering analytic tools to our system that drove timely insights in both clinical and operational domains, resulting in effective delivery of critical care and in organizational efficiencies during a time of reduced resources.

Team Description

As a Senior Data Architect, you are a critical member of the Mass General Brigham Data & Analytics Organization (DAO) Enterprise Data Warehouse Data Architecture team. The Data Architecture team works together with other DAO teams to design, develop, validate, maintain, and support the EDW platform and many different analytic data assets and products. The EDW team is in process of migrating to a Cloud Data platform and looking for a Cloud enthusiast as we move to Azure Cloud. The ideal candidate will have a strong data architecture pedigree, enjoys working with new data technologies and excellent communication and leadership skills. If you are seeking a new challenge and are motivated by transformations we encourage you to apply.

Role Summary

The Data Architect reporting directly to the Manager of Enterprise Data Architecture will specifically be responsible to:
Develop and revise conceptual, logical, and physical data models for an Enterprise (i.e. Enterprise Data Architecture)
Build and maintain a deep understanding of the data and analytic landscape at Partners including data sources, data and analytic assets and products, analytic tools and software, and master data
Determine database structural requirements by analyzing business operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with business partners; evaluating current systems;
Create data models that conform to current standards and conventions
Apply expertise and best practices to the development and revision of data architecture standards and conventions
Develop and revise data dictionary definitions, governance practices, and standards;
Partner with security architects to ensure compliance with data security and privacy policies and procedures
Participate in Architectural strategies on the EDW migration to Cloud platform e.g. integration with Data Lake and other Azure services

Principal Duties & Responsibilities

• Understands how data is used to support analytical and/or operational reporting
Interviews business users to obtain requirements for enhancements and/or new analytic assetsMaps source system data to data warehouse modelsAssists in the Development of data asset training and documentationWorks with teams to integrate data across clinical, administrative, and financial source systems including the management of critical master dataDevelops and tests extraction, transformation, and load (ETL) processesFollows standards for technology and technical processesPresents technical solutions to stakeholders and end users
Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience including continuing to innovate data architecture design and deployment, and data modelling especially dimensional data modeling (OLAP)
Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills
Must possess strong data modeling skills
Must possess experience using Erwin or similar tools for developing and maintaining data models
Must possess strong data analysis skills into source systems to profile source system data
Must have strong experience with SQL


Preferred Skills, Abilities and Competencies
Experience with SQL Server platform is preferred
Healthcare industry experience and Epic data experience is preferred
Experience with Health Catalyst a plus but not required
Experience with Tableau reporting tools a plus but not required
Experience in agile development data projects a plus but not required
Excellent consultative skills, understanding business needs and translating those needs to technical requirements and solutions.
Strong creative problem solving with ability to craft Partners-specific solutions to meet the wide range of business needs across the organization
Adept at establishing trusted relationships at all levels across the organization and collaborating across multi-functional teams
Relational and dimensional data modeling and database design skills
Knowledge of data warehousing architectural approaches
Understanding of SQL and relational and multidimensional designs
Ability to construct queries using a supported query tool
Understands BI tool architecture, functions, features
Flexibility, diplomacy, and problem-solving
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization including senior business and clinical leaders and executives
Experience with Cloud Data Warehouse platforms e.g. Snowflake, Azure Synapse
Experience with the Azure stack (Azure Data Factory, ADLS, Azure Databricks, Azure ML, Azure Synapse, and Azure SQL) to help build a modern platform for data that will be sourced from a variety of analytic and operational application

Working Conditions

MGB has implemented special remote working policies due to COVID-19. These policies are subject to change; however, it is currently expected that this position will work remotely (e.g. from home) full time through September 2021

If onsite:
Possible local travel to Mass General Brigham sites, vendors, and conferencesNormal office working conditions. The noise level in the work environment is quiet to moderate.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk; or hear; use hands to finger; handle; or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop; kneel; or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

Supervisory Duties

May lead project teams

EEO Statement
Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.
Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row
Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145
Job Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing
Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS)
Schedule Full-time
Standard Hours 40
Shift Day Job
Employee Status Regular
Recruiting Department PHS Enterprise Data & Digital Health
Job Posting Jun 1, 2021"
26	29 days ago	Paradigm Diagnostics	DATA SCIENTIST, COMMERCIAL ANALYTICS	"Summary of Major Responsibilities
The Data Scientist performs data analysis to extract knowledge or insight from structured or unstructured data. This position will apply advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale, complex datasets. This position will keep up to date with cutting-edge techniques in programming, machine learning, big data, and healthcare modeling and will seek ways to advance the organization’s capabilities in analytics.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Apply machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence techniques.
Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data.
Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questions.
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships and construct new analytics methods.
Develop and implement Markov decision process models and healthcare economic models.
Articulate a vision and roadmap for the utilization of data as a valued corporate asset.
Visualize information and develop reports on results of data analysis.
Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations.
Spread best practices to analytics and product teams.
Implement new tools to make data analysis more efficient.
Ability to work with minimal supervision.
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment.
Ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 80% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, information technology, or related field.
3+ years of experience working with large datasets for drawing business insights.
1+ years of experience in a data science role.
Professional working knowledge of machine learning; including solving complex business problems, predictive modeling, leveraging both structured and unstructured data sources, relational databases, and SQL.
Professional working knowledge of statistics and modeling techniques.
Fluent in Python or R programming.
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or related field.
Experience in cloud environments.
Professional working knowledge of distributed computing and big data technologies, such as Spark or related technologies.
Professional working knowledge of statistical methodologies and tools (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.), mathematical optimization, control theory, and time-series analysis.
Professional working knowledge of Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, or Recommender Systems.
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request."
27	18 days ago	Blue Owl	Senior Data Scientist - Machine Learning	"Our Mission:
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.
Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.


Minimum Qualifications
3+ years of demonstrable expertise building and supporting machine learning models deployed to production
Expert in Python and core libraries used by data scientists (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib/Seaborn, etc.)
Experience using Jupyter notebooks
Experience working with large and/or noisy data sets
Machine Learning Focus
Scikit-learn expert: This means you have rolled your own transformers and estimators, which you chained together in a pipeline and found optimal hyperparameters via a randomized grid search (or some other method).
Pandas and Numpy expert: You have used pandas enough to run into its rough parts. You are fluent with Numpy and array oriented programming in general.
Robust techniques: You are deeply familiar with different validation pitfalls, understand how to effectively ensemble several models, and have experimented with different hyperparameter optimization methods.
Modern methods: You have built models using unstructured data such as text or images. You have built time series models using econometric approaches as well as machine learning approaches. Deep algorithmic understanding: You know all the nitty-gritty details of your favorite machine learning algorithms.
Additional Details:
Salary: We pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent, and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of PTO, six weeks of parental leave (12 weeks for parents who give birth), and great work-life balance.
Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during the core business hours of 9:00AM - 5:00PM PST.
Some travel required once the San Francisco office re-opens. Frequency 1/quarter.
Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office, post-COVID, for in-person collaboration purposes and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf"
28	30+ days ago	Opendoor	Senior Data Scientist	"About Opendoor:
Founded in 2014, Opendoor’s mission is to empower everyone with the freedom to move. We believe the traditional real estate process is broken and our goal is simple: build a digital, end-to-end customer experience that makes buying and selling a home simple, certain and fast. We have assembled a dedicated team with diverse backgrounds to support the 85,000 customers who have selected us as a trusted partner in handling one of their largest financial transactions. But the work is far from over as we continue to grow in new markets. Transforming the real estate industry takes tenacity and dedication. It takes problem solvers and builders. It takes a tight knit community of teammates doing the best work of their lives, pushing one another to transform a complicated process into a simple one.
So where do you fit in? Whether you’re passionate about real estate, people, numbers, words, code, or strategy - we have a place for you. Real estate is broken. Come help us fix it.
About the Role:
As a senior data scientist at Opendoor, you will partner with Product, Engineering, and Operations to drive the business forward with data. You’ll set up data and measurement strategies to understand the state of our products and operations, understand if any new initiative achieves positive impacts through experimentation and causal inference, and build machine learning and optimization models.
As a Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Define the data strategy, including creating metrics with existing systems to understand our products and policies, and designing the next generation intelligent systems to improve our real estate pricing and operations practices
Build models and policies to help teams achieve their business objectives
Design experiments and conduct causal inference to determine effect of our initiatives
Become a domain expert in real estate
We’re looking for teammates who have:
Expertise in statistical inference and machine learning modeling
Proficiency working with complex and fast evolving data sets
Experience in product analytics and experimental design
Strong written and verbal communication skills to influence non-technical audiences with analytical insights
5+ years of industry experience with advanced degree in a quantitative field
Proficiency in SQL or any other database languages and numeric programming in Python, R or other languages
Bonus points if you have experience in the below areas:
Fraud or incident detection
Working with hardware and sensor data
Time series analysis and forecasting
Optimization under uncertainty and risk management
More About Us
Want to learn more about us and how we are revolutionizing the home buying and selling process? Learn more about us on our website, check out our profile on The Muse to learn more about our culture from our team members, or read our blog posts to hear about the work we are doing.
We Offer the Following Benefits and Perks:Your choice of coverage for medical, dental, and vision (optional for dependents)Flexible vacation policyCommuter benefitGenerous parental leavePaid time off to volunteer
Please note that these benefits and perks are available only to Full Time team members and do not apply to contract roles.
Opendoor values Openness
Our team celebrates our diverse backgrounds. We believe that being open about who we are and what we do allows us to be better. Individuals seeking employment at Opendoor are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or other protected status under all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances."
29	30+ days ago	kraken	Data Scientist - Compliance Systems	"About Kraken
Kraken is changing the world. Join the revolution!
Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world’s largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we are growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent.
In our first decade Kraken has risen to become one of the best and most respected crypto exchanges in the world. We are changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. The crypto industry is experiencing unprecedented growth and Kraken is leading the charge. We’ve grown from 70 Krakenites in January 2017 to over 1800 today and we have no intention of slowing down.
The Compliance Systems team works at the intersection of Data Science, Product and Compliance. The Systems team is looking for a Data Scientist with a background in statistics, machine learning and/or natural language processing to help us build and maintain models to describe and predict anomalous customer activity on Kraken’s platform. The role will involve maintaining the transaction monitoring rules codebase, ensuring that requirements for model validation are met, and building a number of new models to enhance existing controls. There is significant scope for innovation in this role, and we are looking for someone who thrives in an environment of ‘freedom with responsibility’. The ideal candidate would have some familiarity with the control systems used to comply with regulatory requirements under BSA/AML or AMLD 4+, but this is not required. A great candidate will be someone who has experience solving customer and behaviour profiling problems in an evolving data environment.


Responsibilities
Partner with Compliance operations, Product, Engineering and other stakeholders to build descriptive and predictive models to identify anomalous activity.
Maintain the existing transaction monitoring rules codebase.
Ensure that all activities meet model validation requirements.
Design and build proof-of-concept models to test hypotheses and help with idea generation and refinement.
Use structured and unstructured data to enrich transaction monitoring metadata.
Drive cross functional projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams.
Communicate model methodology and results to operations teams and Compliance leadership.
Develop anomaly detection and data modelling tools to monitor key performance indicators to improve the efficiency of models.
Requirements
PhD or Masters degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Physical Sciences, Economics, Math or a related technical field.
3+ years industry experience in data science or analytics.
A consistent track record of performing data analysis using Python, SQL or other CLI tools.
Experience using statistics and predictive analytics to solve complex business problems.
Versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job.
The ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Familiarity with big data tools such as Zeppelin, Spark, Kubernetes is a strong plus.
Familiarity with financial crime and market abuse typologies is a plus.
We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives."
30	30+ days ago	kraken	Data Scientist - Compliance Systems	"About Kraken
Kraken is changing the world. Join the revolution!
Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world’s largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we are growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent.
In our first decade Kraken has risen to become one of the best and most respected crypto exchanges in the world. We are changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. The crypto industry is experiencing unprecedented growth and Kraken is leading the charge. We’ve grown from 70 Krakenites in January 2017 to over 1800 today and we have no intention of slowing down.
The Compliance Systems team works at the intersection of Data Science, Product and Compliance. The Systems team is looking for a Data Scientist with a background in statistics, machine learning and/or natural language processing to help us build and maintain models to describe and predict anomalous customer activity on Kraken’s platform. The role will involve maintaining the transaction monitoring rules codebase, ensuring that requirements for model validation are met, and building a number of new models to enhance existing controls. There is significant scope for innovation in this role, and we are looking for someone who thrives in an environment of ‘freedom with responsibility’. The ideal candidate would have some familiarity with the control systems used to comply with regulatory requirements under BSA/AML or AMLD 4+, but this is not required. A great candidate will be someone who has experience solving customer and behaviour profiling problems in an evolving data environment.


Responsibilities
Partner with Compliance operations, Product, Engineering and other stakeholders to build descriptive and predictive models to identify anomalous activity.
Maintain the existing transaction monitoring rules codebase.
Ensure that all activities meet model validation requirements.
Design and build proof-of-concept models to test hypotheses and help with idea generation and refinement.
Use structured and unstructured data to enrich transaction monitoring metadata.
Drive cross functional projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams.
Communicate model methodology and results to operations teams and Compliance leadership.
Develop anomaly detection and data modelling tools to monitor key performance indicators to improve the efficiency of models.
Requirements
PhD or Masters degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Physical Sciences, Economics, Math or a related technical field.
3+ years industry experience in data science or analytics.
A consistent track record of performing data analysis using Python, SQL or other CLI tools.
Experience using statistics and predictive analytics to solve complex business problems.
Versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job.
The ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Familiarity with big data tools such as Zeppelin, Spark, Kubernetes is a strong plus.
Familiarity with financial crime and market abuse typologies is a plus.
We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives."
31	30+ days ago	ChowNow	Senior Data Scientist, Operations	"About Us:
ChowNow is unique among tech startups in the restaurant space. We power branded online ordering systems for independent restaurants across North America – via websites, Google, Instagram, and through branded iOS and Android apps – and we do it all for a reasonable monthly fee regardless of order volume. We operate this way because of our belief in being fair, sustainable, and equitable with our restaurant partners. And the same goes for our workplace.
Diversity, teamwork, and mutual respect are among our core company values. And we pride ourselves on giving our teams plenty of opportunities to make their mark. To date we’ve created over 20,000 apps for our restaurant partners – something that’s never been done before in our category. And as we expand to new markets, further spreading the word about the ChowNow difference, those opportunities to create, build, and grow will only increase. If this sounds like the kind of workplace and the kind of mission, that appeals to you, we’d love to talk.
Learn more by checking out our reviews on Glassdoor (they’re excellent). Together we can preserve neighborhood flavor, one restaurant at a time.
About the Position:
As a member of Team DnA (Data and Analytics), you will be responsible for providing rigorous data analyses to help inform and optimize processes and strategy. You will define and operationalize the tracking of both company-wide and department-specific KPIs, identify patterns, and recommend actionable insights to improve how we grow the business. In addition, you will partner with key functional teams (Operations and Business Development) as well as collaborate with the Data Engineering team to build a world class data platform, dashboards, and tools necessary to power data-informed decisions, drive business impact, and build the future of Data, Analytics, and Data Science at ChowNow.
Reports to: Manager, Data Science
Within 30 days, you will:
Progress through our Ramp Camp (ChowNow’s New Hire Onboarding Experience)
Familiarize yourself with the company’s data, analytics tools, and data warehouse
Meet with key stakeholders and DnA team members to better understand our vision and opportunities to make an impact through analytics and data science
Within 3 months, you will:
Identify, build, and analyze department-specific KPIs and guide the related instrumentation and data collection
Deliver data-driven research, assessment, and recommendations to executives and other key decision makers
Build automated, scalable solutions to enable advanced exploratory and self-service analytics
Within 6 months, you will:
Define and execute on analytics projects aimed at finding the best solution to critical business problems
Provide strategic data insights to help cross-functional leaders better understand and improve the success of our partnerships, restaurants, and diners
Partner with stakeholders to identify opportunities to improve process, build systems and tools to enable scalable analysis, reporting, and decision making
Effectively communicate learnings and provide recommendations to ensure that the company is on track to meet initiatives or department KPIs
You Should Apply If:
You have 6+ years of professional experience in analytics, consulting, or similarly quantitative roles
You are familiar with working on cross-functional teams and communicating with leadership across various departments
You are able to articulate findings clearly and concisely, creating data-driven content and stories that directly provide strategic insight and business value
You have experience working with Operations and Business Development teams and analyzing data from related systems (e.g. Salesforce, etc.)
You have strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases
You have strong programming/statistical analysis experience in Python and/or R
You have an ability to surface insights through advanced data visualization using Mode Analytics, Tableau or other similar Business Intelligence tools
About Our Benefits:
Competitive Salary
Ongoing training and growth opportunities.
A ""Best Place to Work"" winner multiple times where we focus on creating a great employee experience.
A remote first culture and monthly stipend offering flexibility to work where you want and how you want.
Rock solid medical, dental, and vision plans.
Mental Health Coverage - we offer several programs to support your mental health and wellness goals.
3 weeks paid vacation; paid holidays; we expect you to work hard, but still enjoy your personal life
7 weeks of baby bonding time for all new parents (within the first year of birth or adoption), 8 Weeks of Paid Pregnancy Leave.
401(k) Matching
Employer-contributing student loan assistance program.
Commuter benefits (including Uber Pool).
Employee Stock Incentive Plan.
Pet insurance for your fur babies
Quarterly Industry Speakers Series.
Quarterly Tech Events (Women, LGBTQ, Diversity, Inclusion).
Consistent & fair leadership: we’ll share info, set clear goals, show you respect, and treat everyone fairly.
Enough freedom to spread your wings while still holding you accountable.
Fully stocked kitchen and cold brew on tap.
As one of ChowNow’s core values, “Celebrates Diversity”, we are committed to an inclusive and diverse work environment. ChowNow is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.
Read here about your California privacy rights.
#Li-Remote"
32	30+ days ago	Chainlink Labs	Data Scientist	"We are looking for a skilled Data Scientist to join our rapidly growing Data Analytics team. You will be on the front lines wrangling, modelling and visualizing data from multiple web and web3 apps, delivering world class insights in a hyper growth industry. You’ll also be designing and building API’s across our front end and work closely with our Platform and DevOps team to ensure a reliable and rich data pipeline provides value for all departments of the business. You’ll own multiple projects from start to finish and design processes to ensure that what you build works and scales in the future with minimal upkeep, we don’t want you spending time on maintenance. You’re a superstar if you specialize in speedy integrations and efficient data modelling, we want you to grow and get involved in as many bleeding edge projects as possible. Bonus points if you have experience working with cloud hosted analytics or know you way round self serve analytics like Power BI and Google Analytics.
Your Impact
Working with tonnes of crypto data from our data lake and third party api’s
Build cutting edge web3.js integrations to generate insight for our teams
Own your data pipelines from front to back
Design innovative visualizations, helping the business to make data driven decisions
Build and deploy A/B testing models
Get really comfortable working with crypto data structures and becoming an SME on blockchain nitty gritty
Optimize your own analytics for scalability and big data deployments
Building custom API’s so the rest of the business can utilize your insights
Be a founding member of a Data team building the bleeding edge of crypto analytics
Requirements
3+ years Data Science experience
Proven ability to own a data pipeline from front to back
Proficient in Python
Advanced knowledge of SQL Strong understanding of data modelling
Ability to work in Agile environments
Experience developing analytics solutions hosted in the Cloud is preferred (e.g. Google Cloud Platform, AWS) a plus
Knowledge and understanding of Power BI would be an advantageWeb3.js extremely beneficial
Experience with no-sql is a plus
Desired Qualifications
Excitement for blockchain, Web 3.0, and similar decentralized technologies.
Experience with GitHub Actions and self-hosted runners in particular.
Experience working remotely in a distributed team.
A strong desire to grow and challenge yourself. While this role is mainly focused on maintenance, we would expect you to constantly find ways to improve and automate services under your purview.
Our Stack
Golang, TypeScript, Solidity, Postgres, Terraform, AWS
Chainlink is the industry standard oracle network for connecting smart contracts to the real world. With Chainlink, developers can build hybrid smart contracts that combine on-chain code with an extensive collection of secure off-chain services powered by Decentralized Oracle Networks. Managed by a global, decentralized community of hundreds of thousands of people, Chainlink is introducing a fairer model for contracts. Its network currently secures billions of dollars in value for smart contracts across the decentralized finance (DeFi), insurance, and gaming ecosystems, among others. The full vision of the Chainlink Network can be found in the Chainlink 2.0 whitepaper. Chainlink is trusted by hundreds of organizations—from global enterprises to projects at the forefront of the blockchain economy—to deliver definitive truth via secure, reliable data.
This role is location agnostic anywhere in the world, but we ask that you overlap some working hours with Eastern Standard Time (EST).
We are a fully distributed team and have the tools and benefits to support you in your remote work environment.
Chainlink Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
#LI-Remote"
33	30+ days ago	Project Ronin	Senior Machine Learning Data Scientist	"Project Rōnin is driven by the mission of improving the care of cancer patients. To this aim we are developing a truly personalized cancer intelligence platform for the “N of 1” to empower oncologists. In addition, we bring the patient voice to the physician by allowing patients to report symptoms, side effects, and disease progression information via our mobile app, enabling real-time symptom management.
The Data Science team is helping Project Rōnin realize its goal of improving cancer patient outcomes across cancer types and across the course of therapy via cutting edge AI, data science, and machine learning. Our current focus areas include clinical decision making, personalization, and medical NLP and NLU. These areas require innovation in fundamental problems in AI/ML including explainability, personalization algorithms, causal methods, and incorporating knowledge as priors.
What you will do:
Join our data science team in the creation of machine learning tools that provide individualized predictions of clinical outcomes and toxicities.
Build clinical decision support for physicians and patients to help in understanding and then optimizing those outcomes facilitating shared decision making.
Analyze complex medical datasets to derive insights that can be used to improve our product and ultimately improve cancer outcomes.
Explore synergies between medical datasets and patient reported outcomes.
Provide machine learning methodology leadership and share insights with non-technical audiences.
Build personalized insights that empower cancer patients to not only have better clinical outcomes but also a better quality of life.
What we are looking for:
MS/PhD with 5+ years experience.
Experience in building real-world machine learning models with demonstrated impact.
Understanding of machine learning / statistical modeling methods such as causal methods, explainability, personalization algorithms, survival models, NLP, and unsupervised learning.
Experience with distributed analytic processing technologies (eg Spark, SQL) and strong programming skills in Python and/or R.
Experience with machine learning and deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow/Pytorch and Scikit Learn.
Exposure to applications of ML in healthcare and industry experience with cross-functional collaboration are all highly valued but not required.
Avoid the confidence gap. We do not expect you to have all that is listed above. If some of the skills describe you, we’d love to chat.
+ Full-time Only
+ San Mateo, CA or Remote
What We Offer:
We’re a remote-first companyCompetitive salary and equity, based on experience401k through GuidelineMedical, dental, and vision 100% covered for employees and 70% for dependents100% covered life insurance for employeesParental LeaveFlexible vacation: we encourage everyone to take at least 15 days off per year11 paid company holidays plus a week off during the winter holidaysAll the stipends! Learning & development, internet, cell phone, and team lunchesOpportunity to work on impactful products in the complex cancer space
Project Rōnin is filling one of the greatest gaps in patient care to date. Our mission is to increase the length and quality of every persons’ life who has been affected by cancer.
This year alone there will be nearly 1.8 million new cancer diagnoses, and the tools oncologists are using haven’t been updated in 20 years. With our platform, communication between patients and their doctors is optimized through an individual care platform that is already having an immediate impact.
Want to learn more?
Linkedin
Medium
Our Values
Avoid the confidence gap. If some of the above describes you, we’d love to chat and see where your skills can add to our team.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.
#LI-Remote"
34	Active 7 days ago	Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc	Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer- Remote opportunity	Cardinal Intellectual Property is actively seeking Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer to join our dynamic and fast-growing technology team. This is an excellent opportunity for an Engineer who wants to work with cutting edge technologies and to be a crucial part of building the next generation of our applications by integrating machine learning to speed up the business process.This is a cross-technology opportunity which involves machine learning model invention and application, with the goal of assisting lawyers, researchers, and field specialists in retrieving relevant data quickly and accurately. Your role will be to critically analyze new methods and technologies and apply them to scalable, enterprise-ready code responsible for processing large-scale image search requests in new and intelligent ways.Position Responsibilities/Duties: Research and implement new image search models and improvements to existing ones using big data to solve real-world problems.Collaborate and contribute with other engineers to facilitate creation of novel architectures.Building scalable, enterprise grade implementations using Python and other technologies executing in a multi-server cloud contextAnalyzing data form(architecture), storage, transfer, and representation to improve performance for clients and users.Work directly with PMs POs, DB engineers, DevOps, engineers, and others, as necessary.Required Skills and Abilities: 3+ years using PythonExperience with Computer Vision such as Image Recognition, Segmentation, ClassificationHand-on experience with classical Machine Learning and Deep LearningUnderstanding of denormalized database structures and retrieval methods e.g., SQL)Experience with NumPy/TensorFlow/torch/pandasExperience with FlaskExperience with OpenCV or other computer vision librariesExperience with Docker is a plusExperience with Spark is a plusExperience with Azure is a plusQualifications: Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science or a related field3+ years’ experience in machine learningHands-on experience in developing deep learning solutionsExperience with search algorithms/modelsCompany Benefits for Full Time employees: Insurance Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, V-Life).Paid Time Off including Paid Sick time off.Paid Company Holidays.Retirement Plan-401(K) & ROTH; contributions from Company to retirement plan is in the form of profit sharing.Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. As a leader in the patent research industry, Cardinal IP has been contracted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to conduct their PCT searches and prepare the preliminary opinions across all subject categories. Our technology solutions for intellectual property management include Invention Disclosure Processing, Docketing, and Competitive Monitoring. Our technology platforms incorporate rigorous security and data protection standards, and we maintain confidentiality using the same diligence and procedures as a law firm.Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance.Job Type: Full-time
35	30+ days ago	Marriott International, Inc	Senior Data Scientist, Co Brand Cards	"Posting Date Apr 06, 2021
Job Number 21017571
Job Category Sales & Marketing
Location Marriott International HQ, 10400 Fernwood Road, Bethesda, Maryland, United States VIEW ON MAP
Brand Corporate
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management
Located Remotely? Y

Marriott International is the world’s largest hotel company, with more brands, more hotels and more opportunities for associates to grow and succeed. We believe a great career is a journey of discovery and exploration. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?
﻿ 

JOB SUMMARY
Are you passionate about the power of big data, AI and machine learning to drive customer value? Do you enjoy maneuvering complex data sets to build elegant machine learning models? Do you go beyond building models to ensure they are actionable? Do you list Python or R as one of the languages you speak?!
Marriott, the world’s largest hotel company, is seeking someone like you to help enhance data science capabilities to drive customer engagement and value with the application of personalization marketing and Loyalty promotions. This role entails outstanding business to technical translation, structured yet creative thinking, cross-functional collaboration, hands-on model development and operationalization. This role is part of a highly visible team that is tasked with growth acceleration and reinventing customer experience for Marriott.
What you will do:
Develop and evolve applications of advanced analytics and predictive modeling by incessantly bringing external best practices and trends into an existing team of data-savvy analysts
Evangelize adoption of advanced analytics and pervasive data-driven thinking in Marriott culture
Work effectively with stakeholders to understand ambiguous business problems, assess data needs, develop/maintain best suited models and help/strategize deploying them in production
CANDIDATE PROFILE
Education and Experience
5+ years’ experience in the quantitative Data Analyst/Data Scientist or a related role with domain knowledge in customer and marketing, demonstrating progressive career growth and a pattern of exceptional performance AND
4-year degree from an accredited university in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline
Master of Science from an accredited university in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline desired
PhD in Computer Science with an AI and Machine Learning focus with less than 5 years’ experience also considered.
Proven track record of developing, scaling and implementing statistical predictive models in customer facing environments
Minimum of 3 years of programming using: Python or R, along with stellar visualization and persuasive story telling
Proven ability to solve problems using the right data structure in the most efficient and effective way
Additional experience using the following tools is desired
SQL
Spark
Kafka
Git
AWS
Management Skills and Discipline Expertise
Strong desire to solve business problems using data and analytically based solutions. Demonstrated ability to find creative solutions to complex and challenging analytical problems.
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work well with non-technical and technical audiences. Ability to explain complex information in a way easily understood by a non-technical audience. Demonstrated track record of generating insight through analysis and presenting the information in a manner which impacts key strategy or investment decisions.
Ability to work as a team member to achieve results in a teamwork environment.
CORE WORK ACTIVITIES
Support key Advanced Data Science activities
Provide predictive/propensity models for complex multi-channel programs, platform evaluations, and strategic planning
Develop and manage KPIs and analytics to monitor and manage the health of the full customer ecosystem
Lead the development and evaluation of algorithms that support Marriott’s “Customer Decision Engine” that drives personalization across all customer touch points
Prepares report summaries/presentations to communicate findings from analysis to senior management at Marriott corporate headquarters, regional offices, and individual hotels.
Presents analyses in a way that the information needs for stakeholders are appropriately prioritized, delivered timely and accurate.
Collaborate across Customer Experience , Brand and Marketing, Global Sales, Discipline and Continent Teams.
Perform complex analytics projects across broad set of stakeholders, clearly aligning on business and data needs, managing expectations, and delivering results in a timely manner.
Provide business-minded analytics and modeling support, both working well with data and demonstrating strong business acumen
Partner with the broader Customer Experience Analytics team, including Digital & Distribution and Marketing, Loyalty, and Media Analytics, to support the mission of the CX Analytics team
Provides guidance to Data Management and Reporting Teams on the creation and distribution of reports and dashboards for field and corporate stakeholders.
Support teams within Consumer Operations and Continent organizations in their efforts to leverage systems, technologies, and tools.
Collaborates in setting overall department analytic standards and policies, representing the perspective of globally-applicable and customizable analytic approaches that meet the needs of the business.
Provide Technical Support and Consultation
Marshals internal data management, reporting, analytic and research resources and, when appropriate, selects and manages external suppliers, ensuring timely, on-budget delivery on expectations.
Identifies and pilots innovative analytic and modeling techniques.
Keeps up-to-date technically and is a role model for the application new domain knowledge to the job.
MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES
Leadership
Adaptability – Maintains performance level under pressure or when experiencing changes or challenges in the workplace.
Communication – Conveys information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner through a variety of methods.
Problem Solving and Decision Making - Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; obtains and compares information from different sources to draw conclusions, develops and evaluates alternatives and solutions, solves problems, and chooses a course of action.
Professional Demeanor - Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values.
Strategy Development - Develops business plans by exploring and systematically evaluating opportunities with the greatest potential for producing positive results; ensures successful preparation and execution of business plans through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes.
Managing Execution
Building and Contributing to Teams - Participates as a member of a team to move toward the completion of common goals while fostering cohesion and collaboration among team members.
Strategy Execution – Ensures successful execution across of business plans designed to maximize customer satisfaction, profitability, and market share through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes.
Driving for Results - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required.
Planning and Organizing - Gathers information and resources required to set a plan of action for self and/or others; prioritizes and arranges work requirements to accomplish goals and ensure work is completed.
Building Relationships
Customer Relationships - Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer/stakeholder needs and actions consistent with the company’s service standards.
Coworker Relationships - Interacts with others in a way that builds openness, trust, and confidence in the pursuit of organizational goals and lasting relationships.
Global Mindset - Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential.
Generating Talent and Organizational Capability
Organizational Capability - Evaluates and adapts the structure of assignments and work processes to best fit the needs and/or support the goals of an organizational unit.
Talent Management - Provides support and feedback to help individuals develop and strengthen skills and abilities needed to accomplish work objectives.
Learning and Applying Professional Expertise
Applied Learning - Seeks and makes the most of learning opportunities to improve performance of self and/or others.
Business Acumen - Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generate innovative solutions to approach business and administrative challenges.
Technical Acumen - Understands and utilizes professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct and manage everyday business operations and generate innovative solutions to approach function-specific work challenges.
Basic Competencies - Fundamental competencies required for accomplishing basic work activities.
o Basic Computer Skills - Uses basic computer hardware and software (e.g., personal computers, word processing software, Internet browsers, etc.).
o Mathematical Reasoning - Adds, subtracts, multiplies, or divides quickly, correctly, and in a way that allows one to solve work-related issues.
o Oral Comprehension - Listens to and understands information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
o Reading Comprehension – Understands written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.
o Writing - Communicates effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law."
36	30+ days ago	Amazon.com Services LLC	Applied Scientist II	"Masters in machine learning, computer vision, computer science or related field.
3+ years of hands-on experience developing and implementing deep learning or computer vision algorithms.
Experience with modern ML/CV frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc...
Strong communication and data presentation skills
Strong problem solving abilities
Experience with generative deep learning models applicable to the creation of synthetic images like GANs, VAEs and NF.

If you get excited by the prospect of solving hard problems using Computer Vision and Machine Learning, enjoy working in a fast-paced environment with thought leaders in the CV space, and are passionate about launching algorithms for maximum customer impact, then we have the perfect role for you!

We are looking for an expert in computer vision with a focus on data-driven image synthesis using deep learning techniques such as GANs and VAEs to help Amazon transform pixels into personalized fashion images. Our team is developing cutting-edge technology to personalize and transform photos, partnering with many different teams across Amazon to apply a mix of workflows, image generation, computer vision, and machine learning to solve problems like virtual try-on and AR at Amazon scale.

As an Applied Scientist, you will work in a team with other scientists and engineers working on products and prototypes in the field of image synthesis and photo-realistic appearance of people and clothing to create scalable solutions to customer problems. You will play a critical role in ideation for the team and run live experiments, with opportunities to publish your work. We are building the next generation of fashion imagery, and we hope you'll join us!

This role is located in NYC, but we are open to hiring remote positions across the US.

To know more about Amazon science, Please visit https://www.amazon.science


PhD in machine learning, computer vision, computer science or related field is preferred but relevant industry experience will be taken into account.
Publications in top-tier venues (CVPR, ICML, NIPS, ICCV, ECCV, SIGGRAPH, etc.)
Experience with generative deep learning models applicable to the creation of synthetic images like CNNs, GANs, VAEs and NF.
Experience with machine learning techniques for fast and accurate extraction of visual features of humans (i.e. shape, pose, segmentation) from photographs. Hands on experience in this area is a strong plus.
Experience with gradient descent and other forms of first and second order derivative-based optimization
Experience with probabilistic models and statistical learning
Experience with 3D graphics and/or geometric reconstruction
Familiarity with cloud computing services such as AWS

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
37	5 days ago	XSELL Technologies	Senior Data Scientist	"XSELL is currently seeking a Data Scientist to serve as a key member of our Data Science team. This role will work within the SAFe Agile framework of continuous delivery, work with other Data Scientists, and be a critical resource for our growing Data Science staff.
Job Description
Designing, implementing and improving XSELL’s proprietary softwares, real time messaging recommendation systems, HiPerCoBot and QABOt using various mathematical, Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms and machine learning models.
Developing new systems using Python NLP (lemmatization, stemming, named entity recognition) and updating the existing systems by adding new features to enhance the customers experience.
Interacting with stakeholders to identify the requirements and define new processes.
Closely work with the team to define the architecture of the Microservice environment and deploy systems using RESTful API’s.
Planning, development, and analysis of dialogue prediction/sentiment models, causal models of customer/agent behavior.
Improving the accuracy of the in house XSELL Recommendation System software suite by evaluating and monitoring annotations manually labelled by Ontology team.
Analyzing and researching the current market trends for possible AI opportunities/improvements.
Qualifications
MS/PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field).
3-5 years full time employment experience building and validating predictive models on structured or unstructured data.
Proficiency in Python with knowledge of basic libraries for data manipulation, machine learning, natural language processing and text mining and experience writing production ready code.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms (regression, neural networks, etc.)
Understanding of deep learning algorithms and experience with related libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch.
Ability to create structure and processes from scratch and improve existing processes and align team members to them.
Nice to Have
Experience in SQL.
Understanding of object oriented design.
Ability to craft new concepts and stay current with academic research
Experience with graph databases and graph designs.
Experience in designing/developing production level machine learning architectures (using Flask or Redis)
XSELL is committed to a culture of teamwork; where everyone works together to plan, do, learn, and continuously improve. We accomplish that by staying true to our core values.
Best Chapter: Every XSELLer is plugged in and focused on writing their “best chapter yet”, both personally and professionally. We believe in working hard to achieve success, but that success only comes if we are doing it together. We do this with a high level of humility, integrity and compassion towards out coworkers. We celebrate and recognize each other and have a lot of fun along the way.
Know Us By Our Results: We do what we say and say what we do. Our coworkers and clients will “know us by our results” – we welcome that and embrace transparency and measurement.
Do It The XSELL Way: Together we are building an inclusive culture full of top performing, talented people that are striving towards common goals with resilience. People will admire not only the work we do but also that we “do it the XSELL way” – as one team. We do this through strong communication, collaboration and accountability to each other.
Open for Business: We are always “open for business” – fiercely committed to improving ourselves, our team and our company. We stay curious and approach every situation as an opportunity to learn and grow.
Conversations Happen In the Room: Feedback is imperative to our collective success. We approach the “conversation in the room” with respect, empathy and candor. Our dialogue with each other is always open and honest.
XSELL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
#LI REMOTE

LULSNG6E2x"
38	30+ days ago	Teach For America	Junior Business Analyst - Reporting & Data Insights	"THE ROLE
As the Manager of Business Analysis, you will have the opportunity to work on organization-wide information technology (IT) projects that support the work of Data and Reporting teams across Teach For America, including but not limited to working with the Enterprise Business Intelligence (EBI) and Artificial Intelligence Engineering (AIE) teams. You will work to understand users’ needs, document their pain points, provide solutions, training, and support to users. The ideal candidate will be passionate about data analysis and data quality, have the ability to learn quickly, and an interest in the impact technology can have on accelerating work towards our mission.
TFA does not sponsor candidates for work visas for this position.
THE PERSON
Participate in the Scrum team assigned to EBI development [25%]
Participate in the Scrum team assigned to AIE development [15%]
Assist with the creation and maintenance of the Product Backlog, prioritizing and sequencing the component user stories according to business value [5%]
Coordinate inputs and tasks required of other business analysts and business stakeholders [10%]
Assist with development of product roadmaps and communicate project status [10%]
Contribute to compliance efforts as needed [5%]
Contribute to research & development efforts to maintain a standard of growth and innovation [10%]
The Manager, Business Analysis manages relationships with the partner team reporting & analytics stakeholders and their assigned BAs, across the following functions: [20%]
Development
Recruitment
Admissions
Finance
Marketing
Org.-Wide Learning and Strategy
Human Assets
Information Technology
THE MUST HAVES
Prior Experience
At least 3-5 years of professional experience, with at least 2-3 years of relevant job experience preferred
Work Demands
Some weekend and evening work required
Skills
Developing mastery of – or willingness to learn - the discipline of business analysis, including but not limited to elicitation, requirements management and communication, enterprise analysis, requirements analysis, and solution assessment and validation
Works effectively with internal and external stakeholders
An internal consultant mindset: able to structure problems independently; cut to the heart of complex topics; identify tactical solutions; find connections across disparate themes
Able to manage multiple projects and tasks concurrently and prioritize effectively in a fast-paced work environment
Flexibility and ability to quickly adapt to new information and evolving business needs
Experience with SQL and principles of object-oriented design
Is capable of leading root cause analysis across interdependent business processes, disparate data sources, and multiple modes of data integration
Education
Certified Scrum Product Owner preferred
THE TEAM
We partner with every other team in the organization to create world-class technology solutions that allow us to work more effectively and efficiently toward our mission. To do so, we work with some of the biggest names in technology and leverage the latest software, equipment, and expertise. Our team works hard, but we also have a lot of fun.
THE PERKS
By joining staff , you join a network of individuals committed to pursuing equity for all students and developing themselves as professionals in the process. We as an organization value the longevity of our employees and offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits plan. The salary for this position is also competitive and depends on your prior work experience. Please be advised, you will have an opportunity to discuss salary in more detail after you begin the application process.
NEXT STEPS
Interested in this position? Apply now! Scroll down to the bottom of the page and click Apply. If you still have questions regarding the role, feel free to contact our recruitment team at StaffHiring@teachforamerica.org or visit www.teachforamerica.org/about-us/careers
Colorado Residents : If you are based in Colorado, please click here for total rewards information."
39	30+ days ago	Microsoft	Customer Engineer, Data Analytics	"Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission.
Customer Engineer (CE) for Data & Analytics for the Northeast Enterprise Commercial Team.
We are looking for a Customer Engineer (CE) to contribute to our Customer’s Data & Analytics success by driving adoption, consumption, and support of our products.
Customer Success: Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and support offerings. To this end, Microsoft invests in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully realize their business outcomes.
Customer Engineers (CEs) are deep technical advisors supporting Enterprise customers to deliver unique value by removing blockers to consumption within their given Solution Area. CEs provide technical support including risk assessments and tuning to operate and optimize a customer’s cloud or on-premise environment. The Customer Engineer provides support delivery services as well as technical readiness through a Customer’s Support contract via dispatch by the account team. Customer Engineer services can be delivered either remotely or on-premises.
Responsibilities
Support Management - 50%
Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet customer needs, represent them.
Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across customers.
Create deliverables to address common customer needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others.
Engages in strategic service delivery planning, in partnership with the virtual account team (VAT), to strengthen targeted customer relationships.
Gathers customer impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making.
Seeks information about the underlying needs of customers.
Allocates and aligns resources to optimize the customer experience.
Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards.
Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences.
Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services.
Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues.

Support Execution - Deliver Results through Teamwork & Optimizing Business Results - 25%
Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members.
Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow customer/partner relationships in alignment with Customer Success business priorities and stakeholder management principles.
Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the customer/partner experience and competitor threats.
Modifies existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content.
Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members.

Leadership and Growing the Business - 25%
Consistently apply ""lessons learned"", model personal accountability & teamwork.
Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to customer/partner change management and adoption initiatives.
Understands customer/partner requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly.
Drives and Supports innovation focusing on industry solutions and customer business outcomes on the Microsoft platform.
Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate Premier offerings to all customers; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for customers.
Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with customers and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise.
Demonstrated Self Learner
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
At least 5 years of experience working with Enterprise customers in any of the following: providing customer technical readiness, delivery support services, on premise and remote technical support, solution development, account management; technical requirements gathering; broad evangelism through events (presentation skills) or related.
At least 5 years of experience in at least one or more of the following Products and BI technologies or related:
SQL Server Reporting Services, Power BI Report Server, Power BI Service
Azure Analysis Services, SQL Server Analysis Services
Azure Data Factory, SQL Server Integration Services
All versions of SQL Server (On-premises and IaaS)
Azure SQL Database (Standalone, Elastic Pool, Serverless, Managed Instance, Hyperscale)
Azure Synapse Analytics
T-SQL, DAX, Power Query, MDX
NoSQL: Azure Cosmos DB, MongoDB, Cassandra
Azure MySQL/PostgreSQL
Azure Blob Storage, Azure Data Lake Store
Other Qualifications
Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Oracle desired
Years’ Experience: 3 in systems development, software support, IT consulting
Experience delivering and/or authoring technical training
Experience with Troubleshooting and root cause analysis
Technical consulting and architecture experience on large-scale customer/partner engagements
Deep understanding of AI workloads and Cloud Computing, business drivers, and their impact on customer/partner opportunities is preferred
Deep technical or architectural knowledge is preferred
Experience delivering and/or authoring technical training
Ability to communicate with a variety of different audiences and strong presentation skills
Ability to match technical solutions with customer business requirements
Ability to lead and motivate technical communities
Ability to effectively recognize and adapt to change
Education
Bachelor’s Degree (B.S./B.A.) or equivalent
Certification in one or more of the following technologies preferred: Azure, Database, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work."
40	28 days ago	Marriott International, Inc	Manager, Advanced Data Science	"Posting Date May 03, 2021
Job Number 21041478
Job Category Sales & Marketing
Location Marriott International HQ, 10400 Fernwood Road, Bethesda, Maryland, United States VIEW ON MAP
Brand Corporate
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management
Located Remotely? Y

Marriott International is the world’s largest hotel company, with more brands, more hotels and more opportunities for associates to grow and succeed. We believe a great career is a journey of discovery and exploration. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?
﻿


JOB SUMMARY
Are you passionate about the power of big data to drive customer value? Do you enjoy maneuvering complex data sets to build elegant Machine Learning models? Do you go beyond building models to ensure they are actionable? Do you list Python or R as one of the languages you speak?!
Marriott, the world’s largest hotel company, is seeking someone like you to help enhance data science capabilities to drive customer engagement and value with the personalized experience. This position is part of specialized team of Data Scientists collaborating on projects that may support any number of business areas within Marriott. Projects could include the creation of predictive models, complex statistical analyses as well as Machine Learning driven strategies.
CANDIDATE PROFILE
Education and Experience Preferred
4-year degree from an accredited university in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline required
Master’s degree from an accredited university in in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline desired
2+ years’ experience in the quantitative Data Analyst/Data Scientist or a related role with domain knowledge in customer,marketing, an digital personalization demonstrating progressive career growth and a pattern of exceptional performance AND
Master’s degree in the above fields with less years’ experience of strong machine learning/AI concentration also considered.
Proven track record of developing, scaling and implementing Machine Learning models in customer facing environments
Proven ability to solve problems using the right data structure in the most efficient and effective way
Minimum of 2 years of programming using: Python or Spark, along with stellar visualization and persuasive story telling
Additional experience using the following tools is desired
Python, R, SQL
Jupyter Notebook
Spark
Kafka
Git, Jira
AWS
CORE WORK ACTIVITIES
Managing Projects
Participates in major data science projects
Brings working knowledge of latest techniques and technologies to advance the machine learning capabilities of Marriott
Mines large data sets (billions of rows) for insights and recommendations
Participates in projects to build predictive and prescriptive models
Partners with peers and leaders on the team to ensure insights are clearly communicated to project stakeholders
Creates compelling visualizations to influence leaders and business decisions.
Shares data modeling knowledge and expertise in support of Business as Usual projects and analysis when required
Provide Technical Support and Consultation
Provide machine learning models for complex multi-channel programs, platform evaluations, and strategic planning
Participate in the development and evaluation of algorithms that support Marriott’s “Customer Decision Engine” that drives personalization across all customer touch points
Marshals internal data management, reporting, analytic and research resources and, when appropriate, selects and manages external suppliers, ensuring timely, on-budget delivery on expectations.
Identifies and pilots innovative analytic and modeling techniques.
Keeps up-to-date technically and is a role model for the application new domain knowledge to the job.
Collaborate across Customer Experience and Brand, Marketing, Sales, and Consumer Consumer Operations Discipline and Continent Teams.
Perform complex analytics projects across broad set of stakeholders, clearly aligning on business and data needs, managing expectations, and delivering results in a timely manner.
Provide business-minded analytics and modeling support, both working well with data and demonstrating strong business acumen
Partner with the broader Customer Experience Analytics team, including Digital & Distribution and Marketing, Loyalty, and Media Analytics, to support the mission of the CX Analytics team
Provides guidance to Data Management and Reporting Teams on the creation and distribution of reports and dashboards for field and corporate stakeholders.
Support teams within BMSC and Continent organizations in their efforts to leverage systems, technologies, and tools.
Collaborates in setting overall department analytic standards and policies, representing the perspective of globally-applicable and customizable analytic approaches that meet the needs of the business.
Additional Responsibilities
Provide information to supervisors and co-workers in a timely manner.
Demonstrate self-confidence, energy, and enthusiasm.
Inform and/or update leaders on relevant information in a timely manner.
Manage time effectively and conduct activities in an organized manner.
Present ideas, expectations, and information in a concise, organized manner.
Use problem solving methodology for decision making and follow-up.
Perform other reasonable duties as assigned by manager.
MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES
Leadership
Adaptability – Maintains performance level under pressure or when experiencing changes or challenges in the workplace.
Communication – Conveys information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner through a variety of methods.
Problem Solving and Decision Making - Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; obtains and compares information from different sources to draw conclusions, develops and evaluates alternatives and solutions, solves problems, and chooses a course of action.
Professional Demeanor - Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values.
Strategy Development - Develops business plans by exploring and systematically evaluating opportunities with the greatest potential for producing positive results; ensures successful preparation and execution of business plans through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes.
Managing Execution
Building and Contributing to Teams - Participates as a member of a team to move toward the completion of common goals while fostering cohesion and collaboration among team members.
Strategy Execution – Ensures successful execution across of business plans designed to maximize customer satisfaction, profitability, and market share through effective planning, organizing, and on-going evaluation processes.
Driving for Results - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required.
Planning and Organizing - Gathers information and resources required to set a plan of action for self and/or others; prioritizes and arranges work requirements to accomplish goals and ensure work is completed.
Building Relationships
Customer Relationships - Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer/stakeholder needs and actions consistent with the company’s service standards.
Coworker Relationships - Interacts with others in a way that builds openness, trust, and confidence in the pursuit of organizational goals and lasting relationships.
Global Mindset - Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential.
Generating Talent and Organizational Capability
Organizational Capability - Evaluates and adapts the structure of assignments and work processes to best fit the needs and/or support the goals of an organizational unit.
Talent Management - Provides support and feedback to help individuals develop and strengthen skills and abilities needed to accomplish work objectives.
Learning and Applying Professional Expertise
Applied Learning - Seeks and makes the most of learning opportunities to improve performance of self and/or others.
Business Acumen - Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generate innovative solutions to approach business and administrative challenges.
Technical Acumen - Understands and utilizes professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct and manage everyday business operations and generate innovative solutions to approach function-specific work challenges.
Basic Competencies - Fundamental competencies required for accomplishing basic work activities.
Basic Computer Skills - Uses basic computer hardware and software (e.g., personal computers, word processing software, Internet browsers, etc.).
Mathematical Reasoning - Adds, subtracts, multiplies, or divides quickly, correctly, and in a way that allows one to solve work-related issues.
Oral Comprehension - Listens to and understands information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Reading Comprehension – Understands written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.
Writing - Communicates effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law."
41	30+ days ago	XSELL Technologies	Data Science Architect	"XSELL is currently seeking a Data Science Architect who is passionate about the data and thrives in a fast-paced environment. The Data Science Architect will work in close coordination with other cross-functional business departments such as Product and Engineering.
What You Will Bring
The problems you will tackle will benefit from the following skills:
Bachelor’s in data science, engineering, computer science, similar discipline, or related quantitative field experience
5+ years demonstration experience designing, coding, developing, testing, and implementing predictive and prescriptive solutions.
Experience in product management roles
Experience in a business analyst role is a plus
Experience with machine learning and deep learning techniques for structured, unstructured and semi-structured data.
Proficient in AI/ML models, libraries, packages, tools and frameworks (Tensorflow, MXNet, Ski Kit-learn, PyTorch, Keras, Jupyter).
Proficient in mechanisms to extract and prepare data from diversified internal and external sources in real-time or offline, using SQL, RESTful APIs, and Python.
Experience with automating data science and machine learning processes and pipelines.
Can work effectively in a team environment with a high-level of accountability and autonomy.
Ways You Will Contribute
Proposes, designs and develops predictive and prescriptive solutions in collaboration with cross-functional stakeholders.
Facilitate implementations and leverage Product, Engineering and other necessary teams.
Ability to translate the high-level business requirements into detailed system-level and functional requirements for technical implementation.
Work with architects, engineers, data scientists and product owners to identify requirements on data structures, formats, pipelines, metadata, security, and orchestrate efficient workflow capabilities.
Acts as a hands-on technical liaison between the engineering team and data scientist team.
Investigates, analyzes, preprocesses large structured and unstructured datasets; performs necessary checks for reasonableness, completeness and accuracy.
Identify and design scalable architecture toward an end-to-end process from procuring the raw data to converting to actionable insights (decisions, monitoring, etc.), including automated data pipelines.
Able to wear multiple hats from data architect to product manager to business analyst.
Analyzes, documents, and communicates results, processes and insights to internal stakeholders.
Understands, follows, and supports internal and external compliance requirements/standards.
Creates and maintains productive relationships with internal teams; keeps up to date with technology, methods, and best practices; participates in peer reviews and educating internal stakeholders.
XSELL is committed to a culture of teamwork; where everyone works together to plan, do, learn, and continuously improve. We accomplish that by staying true to our core value.
Best Chapter: Every XSELLer is plugged in and focused on writing their “best chapter yet”, both personally and professionally. We believe in working hard to achieve success, but that success only comes if we are doing it together. We do this with a high level of humility, integrity and compassion towards out coworkers. We celebrate and recognize each other and have a lot of fun along the way.
Know Us By Our Results: We do what we say and say what we do. Our coworkers and clients will “know us by our results” – we welcome that and embrace transparency and measurement.
Do It The XSELL Way: Together we are building an inclusive culture full of top performing, talented people that are striving towards common goals with resilience. People will admire not only the work we do but also that we “do it the XSELL way” – as one team. We do this through strong communication, collaboration and accountability to each other.
Open for Business: We are always “open for business” – fiercely committed to improving ourselves, our team and our company. We stay curious and approach every situation as an opportunity to learn and grow.
Conversations Happen In the Room: Feedback is imperative to our collective success. We approach the “conversation in the room” with respect, empathy and candor. Our dialogue with each other is always open and honest.
XSELL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
#LI-REMOTE
FxDGOqwb5w"
42	30+ days ago	Doxel	Machine Learning Engineer	"Landing a construction project on schedule and on budget is a herculean task– different teams, different designs, every single time. With hundreds of thousands of variables changing everyday, optimizing construction outcomes has gone past the point of human cognition.
Doxel is here to change that.
Doxel is a Real Time Construction Optimization Platform. By contextualizing vast amounts of disparate project data across site, BIM, schedule, and budget, Doxel empowers teams with an objective view of their project today and an accurate prediction of where it will be tomorrow. Leveraging machine generated and prioritized risk analysis, teams are guided to the right problems in order to stay ahead of cost overruns, schedule delays, and quality issues.
Backed by Andreessen Horowitz and with a growing team of technologists, creatives, and industry veterans, we're focused on helping customers realize the best outcomes on their construction projects.
The Role
Doxel has a distributed infrastructure to capture physical data via LIDAR scanners. You are an expert in perception algorithms and can turn all of this raw data into insights. You know how complex the real-world can be and know the value of good data collection, labeling, and iterative training/experimentation. You also follow the state-of-the-art papers and can quickly implement proof-of-concepts in just a few weeks. And you don’t stop there - you are impact focused and make your models reliable enough (95%+ precision) for production use. You achieve all of this by having the right level of breadth and communication/teamwork skills to move quickly at a startup.


Responsibilities
Training and deploying models that automate our computer vision and robotics problems
Working on object recognition from 3D LIDAR and RGB-D data, registration and alignment automation
Work closely with our Data Insights and Computer Vision engineers to deliver accurate, reliable alerts whenever something is misinstalled on $100M+ construction projects - fully automatically.
Use cutting-edge CV deep learning techniques to solve the aforementioned challenges
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience working with TensorFlow, PyTorch, or other mainstream deep learning framework
Expertise in at least one of: C++, Python, Java, Go (two or more preferred)
1+ years of experience with deep learning on production-grade systems at scale. Familiarity with optimization of neural networks for deployment
Excellent interpersonal, leadership and communication skills, including the ability to explain complex technical concepts in simple terms and desire to work closely with end-users.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical discipline
Preferred Qualifications
Computer vision experience, ideally with 3D point clouds from LIDAR
Expertise in computer vision OSS libraries (PCL, etc)
Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)
Experience with cloud development and Google Cloud Platform hosted ML tools
Doxel is an equal opportunity employer and actively seeks diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
43	12 days ago	Humana	Senior Data Analyst - Louisville, KY or Remote KY, Remote IN, Remote OH, Remote TN	"The Senior Business Systems Data Analysis Professional performs analysis of business, data, process and user needs, documentation of requirements, and translation into proper system requirement specifications. The Senior Business Systems Data Analysis Professional work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

How we Value You

Benefits starting day 1 of employment
Competitive 401k match
Generous Paid Time Off accrual
Tuition Reimbursement
Parent Leave
Go365 perks for well-being
Responsibilities
The Senior Business Systems Data Analysis Professional formulates and defines systems and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. Devises or modifies procedures and processes to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results. Validates benefits achieved from solution implementation. Begins to influence department’s strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments.
Uses data analysis tools (T-SQL, PL-SQL, TOAD, Power-BI, Azure) to analyze moderately complex to highly complex data in determining rules for data translation and data integration
Partner with Retail Sales Leaders, operations teams, subject matter experts, training, and IT Teams to develop and deploy continuous improvement initiatives across the organization
Cultivate relationships with multiple internal Business and IT partners
Initiate and facilitate meetings to identify, document, and prioritize business technology needs that align with department deliverables and organizational goals
Champion the customer by accurately representing their prioritized needs in the requirements, development, and testing phases of each project
Implement Change Management processes as needed to maintain accurate requirements dependencies and documentation
Required Qualifications
2+ years experience using T-SQL, PL-SQL, Toad, Azure, and/or PowerBI to analyze and interpret data
Working knowledge of ad-hoc query tools and data repositories that support data extraction and manipulation
Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint
Strong verbal and written communication, organizational, meeting facilitation, negotiation, follow-up, and problem solving skills
Solid change management and documentation skills
Ability to work with project stakeholders and remote teams at all levels in the organization in a collaborative, team environment
Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines with attention to detail
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree
MBA or other Advanced Degree
Knowledge of Systems Development Life Cycle
Experience with Cloud Data Analysis Tools (Azure, Amazon, Google)
Experience with Agile development processes and user story writing
Six Sigma certification, Agile Practitioner
Demonstrated experience with process documentation and re-engineering
Additional Information
Minimal nights or weekends may be required to support production turns or monitoring during AEP.
Work at Home/Remote Requirements Must ensure designated work area is free from distractions during work hours and virtual meetings Must provide a high-speed DSL or cable modem for a workspace (Satellite and Hotspots are prohibited). A minimum standard speed of 10x1 (10mbs download x 1mbs upload) for optimal performance is required.
Our Hiring Process
As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we may contact you via text message and email to gather more information using a software platform called Modern Hire. Modern Hire Text, Scheduling and Video technologies allow you to interact with us at the time and location most convenient for you.
If you are selected to move forward from your application prescreen, you may receive correspondence inviting you to participate in a pre-recorded Voice, Text Messaging and/or Video interview. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews
If you have additional questions regarding this role posting and are an Internal Candidate, please send them to the Ask A Recruiter persona by visiting go/Buzz and searching Ask A Recruiter! Please be sure to provide the requisition number so we may be able to research your request quicker.
In order to support the CDC recommendations on social distancing and reduce health risks for associates, members and public health, Humana is deploying virtual and video technologies for all hiring activities. This position may be subject to temporary work at home requirements for an indefinite period of time. These requirements include access to a personal computing device with a camera, a minimum internet connection speed of 10m x 1m (satellite and/or wireless internet connections are NOT permitted for Work at Home roles) and a dedicated secure home workspace for interview or work purposes. Humana continues to monitor the situation, and will adjust service levels as the coronavirus situation evolves. The following changes are temporary and will be evaluated frequently with the goal of returning to normal operations as soon as possible. Your Talent Acquisition representative will advise on the latest recommendations to protect your health and wellbeing during the hiring process. #ThriveTogether #WorkAtHome
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40"
44	30+ days ago	Strata Decision Technology, L.L.C.	Software Engineer, Data Science	"How you’ll make an impact:
We are looking for a highly motivated full-stack Senior Software Engineer to work on our Data Science products. You will be a member of a small scrum team working alongside quality assurance engineers, data scientists, UX designers, a product manager, and a scrum master. The team will be responsible for building new applications that leverage insights and data created by our data scientists. You will make this data available for the rest of the development team to integrate into our products by creating APIs.
Work with the latest technology to build products with a cloud-first mentality
Design scalable data stores for ingestion, processing, and reading
Write clean code that is testable and scalable
Build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of data scientists
Mentor other team members
Ensure product quality through automated tests and code reviews
Engineering culture and perks
Clear and defined career lattice
Hackathons
Team budget for social events
Education grant for books, conference, training
Pluralsight and LinkedIn learning subscriptions
Flexible work hours, environment, work from home
What we’re looking for:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of Engineering work experience
5+ years of experience with Microsoft stack (C#, ASP.NET, SQL)
Good understanding of object-oriented design and appreciation for clean code
Knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (Python, R, Machine Learning)
Strong math and statistics skills
Experience with relational database design and performance tuning in SQL
Exposure to non-relational database concepts
Familiarity with AWS (S3, EC2, RDS and other AWS data services)
Experience working in an Agile environment
Ambitious innovator, ready to actively contribute beginning Day One
Thinking about applying?
Research shows that women and underrepresented groups tend to apply to jobs only when they check every box on a job posting. If you’re currently reading this and hesitating to click “Apply” for that reason, we encourage you to go for it! A true passion and excitement for making an impact is just as important as work experience.
Here @ Strata…
Who we are:
We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our culture is driven by our people solving problems together. We embrace learning, collaboration, and continuous career growth. Together, we lift our customers, our products, our company, and our community.
We believe that each of our team member’s unique perspectives and experiences is what drives innovation and positive change. Our individual differences are what make us a more forward-thinking organization. We foster a culture of inclusion, equity and belonging, regardless of race, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
Our values:
Here at Strata, we are guided by a set of principles called the StrataWay. These values keep us honest and ensure that we are always representing ourselves and our organization as best we can. They are at the core of who we are and how we support one another.
Serve: We partner with our customers to provide quality solutions that will make their lives easier. We extend service to our community to drive purposeful change
Rock: Our work makes a meaningful impact, no matter what role we play on the team. We are open and receptive to new ways of doing things, always innovating, and never becoming complacent.
Grow: We are life-long learners and embrace change that will help us grow professionally and personally. We embrace a culture of feedback and acknowledge that progress is more important than perfection.
Pro: We show up every day as the best version of ourselves. We treat others as we would want to be treated (and then some). We commit to getting better every day in everything that we do, upholding the highest level of integrity even in the face of challenges
Our Impact:
Strata Decision Technology provides an innovative set of software and service solutions to help healthcare providers better analyze, plan and perform in support of caring for their community and reducing the cost of care. Our customer base includes over 2,000 hospitals and over 400 healthcare delivery systems. Founded in 1996, our mission is to Help Heal Healthcare™. For more information, please go to www.stratadecision.com.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
45	30+ days ago	Dun & Bradstreet	Data Scientist, NLP Text Mining	"Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet
We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!
As a Text Mining and NLP Data Scientist within analytics group in Dun & Bradstreet, you will leverage text mining and NLP tools to derive meaning and insights from unstructured data. This position sits within the Government Business Unit and can be remote.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with research teams to develop tools that provide efficiency and optimization to their analysis techniques.
Support the engineering development team in the productization of developed solutions.
Communicate complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience.
Document specifications for analytic deliverables for coding and implementation.
As the ideal candidate, you have a strong business acumen, especially as it relates to Risk and Statistical Modeling. You are a fast learner, are dynamic and motivated and not afraid to push boundaries. You are also a strategic thinker with solid analytical and problem-solving skills.
Requirements
Master’s degree in a Risk related field (Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, Math/Stat, Operations Research, etc.).
3 or more years of experience developing and deploying text and data mining solutions.
3 or more years of experience developing machine learning and deep learning models
Knowledge of Python packages and tools, particularly those developed for NLP techniques.
Advanced analytic programming skills, data mining and building models in Python and R.
Experience with Big Data Tools, such as SQL and Spark.
Proficient in managing product development deadlines, overcoming roadblocks, and managing expectations.
Strong familiarity with unstructured data.
Preferred Qualifications
PhD
The NLP Data Scientist will be a remote based position, but ideally located in the Washington DC Metro area.
Experience implementing more recent NLP models, including BERT and/or ELMO.
Knowledge of Neo4j.
Possess a strong analytical mind and ability to thrive in an ambiguous, fast-paced environment.
#LI-ME1
#LI-REMOTE
Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com."
46	12 days ago	Stats Perform	Machine Learning Engineer	"Machine Learning Engineer(Job Number: US 0100)
Description
REVOLUTIONIZE SPORTS THROUGH AI
Stats Perform brings unmatched depth and breadth of data, sports research, news and video content, and unrivaled AI-powered solutions to sports media and broadcasters, technology companies, global brands, sportsbooks, teams and leagues, and fantasy providers.
Stats Perform is the market leader for Sports AI. We bring the deepest breadth of data, sports research, news and video content, and unrivaled AI-powered solutions to media and broadcasters, technology companies, global brands, sportsbooks, fantasy providers, teams and leagues. Stats Perform powers storytelling through natural language generation for broadcasters and tech companies, unlocks boundless player props and precise projections for sportsbooks, and generates predictions to improve team performance and player evaluation. With more than 20 AI patents issued or submitted, Stats Perform is the leading innovator in sports. We are committed to revolutionizing sports through AI.

Stats Perform’s extensive list of customers includes four of the top-five most popular global sports broadcast companies, seven of the top-10 global tech companies, all of the top-10 sportsbooks and seven of the top-10 football (soccer) franchises. We collect more than 30 million unique data points and distributes them to more than 1,800 customers, reaching over three billion fans a year. Stats Perform employs more than 1,600 full-time employees across 25 countries and is home to the largest sport-focused AI team with more than 40 artificial intelligence scientists collaborating with over 100 engineers creating AI solutions. These innovations will be the foundation of the future strategy of the new entity allowing rights-holders, leagues, media, and gaming partners to derive the most value and develop the richest experiences for over 3 billions sports fans.

As you can imagine, such an ambitious vision takes a great team with a strong desire to explore and innovate. We are growing our AI teams to improve and expand our core technologies and help solve many unique and interesting problems around sensing, tracking, understanding and predictions. And, in building new products that never existed before, we are redefining how fans worldwide experience sports.
Responsibilities
We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to build world-class machine learning platform solutions. You will be responsible for empowering data scientists and AI scientists by developing a collection of industry-strength platform services to greatly improve scientists productivity and facilitate innovation. Your responsibilities include, but not limited to:

Build Stats Perform’s Machine Learning platform and services to support major AI and Data Science use cases
Manage the ML lifecycle, including data prep, training data generation, feature engineering, optimization, experimentation, reproducibility, deployment and end-to-end workflow management
Enable ML and Deep Learning capabilities at vast scale by developing the necessary systems, tools, technologies and integrations as part of the ML Platform offering
Help accelerate the velocity from idea to interference in production
Engineer the de-bias, ethics, security and compliance aspects of ML pipelines, centralized feature store, model meta-store, and inference metrics store etc.
Work with partners and stakeholders to identify data acquisition opportunities, create requirements, transform large volume data into AI ready high quality relevant datasets
Achieve quality ML data using a triad of people, process & technology
Identify, assess and implement 3rd party technologies that may complement Stats Perform capabilities, and accelerate advancement of critical features; maintain strong collaborative relationships with 3rd party technology providers
Qualifications
We are looking for a person who is comfortable wearing several different hats. This role will routinely require switching between being an AI/ML Data Scientist, a traditional Software Engineer, and a DevOps Engineer. Our expectations for each of these aspects are below. If you feel you are strong in 2 of these fields and have a strong desire to learn the third, we invite you to apply. If you feel you are already strong in all 3 fields, we strongly encourage you to apply.
AI/ML Data Scientist:
2+ years of relevant industry experience in Data & analytics platform or machine learning and data science
Hands on experience with building enterprise grade machine learning and data platforms
Track-record of successfully launching ML projects in production
Familiarity with common machine learning algorithms (XGBoost, deep learning algorithms)
Software Engineer:
Experience with high-level programming languages such as Python and big data tools and ecosystems
In-depth working knowledge of cloud infrastructure such as AWS
Experience in integrating with internal and external complex systems that are able to scale and demonstrate security, reliability, scalability, and cost efficiency
Proficiency in producing clear documentation of products as well as providing assistance to users, when needed
DevOps Engineer:
Experience deploying projects with CI/CD pipelines to in various environments utilizing technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, and various cloud-based environments
Experience deploying, monitoring, and maintaining new technology packages or clusters into development and productions environments
Experience in projects involving large scale multi-dimensional datastore, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams
Experience evaluating competing toolsets for speed, efficiency, ease-of-use, and cost

General:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Machine Learning or related STEM fields
Verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams, and both internal and external stakeholders
An open minded, structured thinker
A team player and consensus builder
Intellectual curiosity and excellent problem-solving skills, including the ability to structure and prioritize an approach for maximum impact"
47	30+ days ago	Zoom Video Communications, Inc.	Machine Learning Engineer - NLP	"Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we’ve been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.
You will be part of a team whose focus to solve solving cutting edge AI problems and deploying models that constantly advance the state-of-the-art. You will be working across various NLP areas like STT, translation, summarization, sentiment analysis, TTS, and other interesting challenges that are challenging at Zoom's scale. You will be one of the founding members of the team, you will have a unique opportunity to start from scratch and drive the direction of our products.
Qualifications
5+ years of experience with Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related field
Strong coding skills in Python, C/C++, or Java
Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, ranking systems or similar
Experience in Machine Learning toolkits (TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Familiarity with large-scale data processing and distributed systems
Proven mathematical knowledge; understanding of machine learning, statistics
Relevant professional experience with applied data analytics and predictive modeling
Bonus Qualifications
Experience framework such as MLflow, Kubeflow, Airflow, Seldon Core, TFServing etc
Experience in monitoring and performance analysis of Machine Learning AI and GPU server platforms
Expertise in crafting Data Models for high performance and scalability
Autoscaling, containers, performance tuning and optimization
Experience with Deep Learning for NLP
Strong verbal and written communication skills"
48	30+ days ago	Salesforce	Sustainability Senior Data Analyst	"To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
Job Category
Program/Project Management
Job Details
Salesforce is the #1 CRM, bringing companies and customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, Salesforce enables companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies — cloud, mobile, social, and artificial intelligence — to connect to their customers in a whole new way. Salesforce serves as a trusted advisor and partner to help companies transform their businesses around the customer.


At Salesforce, we believe that business is a powerful platform for driving positive social and environmental impact for all stakeholders. Our customers and products span every industry, and that’s why we use the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as a framework for action. The 17 goals outlined in the SDGs are an urgent call for action for public, private, and social sectors to come together in global partnership and measure our collective progress against the world's most pressing challenges.


The Sustainability team helps put Salesforce’s full power towards improving the state of the world. We’re looking for an experienced data analyst to bring Salesforce’s carbon accounting & audit program to the next level. If you have strong accounting & analytical skills, experienced in data audit, and passion about using technology/tools to improve processes and accelerate climate action, you are the right candidate for this job!


This position will report to the Sustainability Manager and work closely with the entire Sustainability team and cross-functional business partners.



Key responsibilities include:
Manage and improve Salesforce’s environmental data collection processes by collaborating with internal business stakeholders, including real estate, data center, global travel, etc.
Track, analyze and report Salesforce’s carbon inventory and progress against our targets using Salesforce Sustainability Cloud and other tools/technologies
Develop, maintain and improve Salesforce’s carbon emissions forecasting models
Develop performance metrics, baselines and targets to drive emission reduction programs
Create and manage complex environmental databases and actionable sustainability dashboards in Salesforce Sustainability Cloud
Continuously improve Salesforce’s environmental data quality and refine accounting methodologies. This includes collaborating with BI/Data Engineer/Data Science teams to collect more accurate data, and developing new methodologies, processes, and standards to drive more robust impact measurement
Support and execute Salesforce’s annual environmental metrics audit project by working with internal business stakeholders and external audit firm
Track and keep abreast of global regulatory developments and changes to reporting standards and best in class corporate behavior
Manage Salesforce’s sustainability reporting projects including CDP, DJSI, etc.
Support other sustainability programs as needed

Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree required
3-5 years of strong quantitative experience in GHG accounting, corporate sustainability, environmental science, engineering or related field
Knowledge of the World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable Development guidelines on Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reporting Protocol as it relates to measuring Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions
Knowledge of sustainability reporting frameworks, specifically the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Taskforce for Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Direct experience in using Salesforce platform/technology. Salesforce certified administrator; Experience with Salesforce Sustainability Cloud is a plus. Experience in software development is a plus
Experience in the environmental/financial data audit process. Certified Public Accountant (CPA) preferred
Ability to problem-solve and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work cross-functionally and collaborate with multiple stakeholders

About you:
You pay keen attention to detail and data accuracy
You have demonstrated passion for GHG accounting and corporate sustainability
You are self motivated, team-oriented, hands-on, adaptive, and have positive attitude
You are an exceptional team player and show a strong commitment to collaboration and

team building
For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $80,400. You may also be offered a bonus and benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com/
Accommodations
If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
49	30+ days ago	Mass General Brigham(PHS)	Senior Data Analyst (Data Analytics Office)	"Senior Data Analyst (Data Analytics Office)
 - (3148736)
About Us
As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.

We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.

Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration.

Overview

We seek employees who bring passion, are highly collaborative, and thrive in a dynamic, diverse, and inclusive team. We work in a highly agile environment with a focus on quality and achieving real impact with our work. We are excited to have a team with a rich mix of experiences, with people who bring innovative approaches to their work, an excitement for looking at things from new angles, and a spirit of continuous improvement. Finally, we seek employees who embrace and live our core values of respect, recognition, communication, commitment, trust, innovation, and service. If this sounds like you, we invite you to apply.
Mass General Brigham’s main office is in Somerville, MA. We are currently working as a fully-remote team due to COVID-19 and encourage applications from across the US as telecommuting becomes part of our new normal. We are committed to building an engaged, inclusive community and offer a variety of opportunities to come together virtually and facilitate learning and collaboration.

Mass General Brigham’s board and system-wide executive leadership are making significant investments in enterprise data and digital health, enabling innovation and transformation in the delivery of health care, research and discovery. By building out core digital and data capabilities, we are supporting the achievement of Mass General Brigham’s mission to drive growth and innovation in inpatient, ambulatory, and digital care. We are at the start of this journey and we are looking for talented individuals from across the nation to join us in transforming healthcare and in achieving the expected outcomes of this strategy: improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, and efficiency in the delivery of healthcare with excellence.

In the achievement of these goals, Mass General Brigham’s data and analytic teams are working together to build a system-wide data ecosystem. We are both leveraging current assets and building new, integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities, supporting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights. Teams from Data and Analytics, Research Analytics, Clinical Data Science, and Information Systems are collaborating to build this new data and analytic ecosystem. To ensure success of this effort, Mass General Brigham is standing up a new Data and Analytics operating model with a goal of driving a level of standardization for data and analytic operations across the teams involved.

The value of investments in data and analytics were proven out during our response to COVID-19 as these investments were leveraged to stand up new reporting and analytic capabilities to support executive and clinical leadership on managing the pandemic. Our broad data and analytic community has come together across Mass General Brigham ’s 14 healthcare sites with shared urgency, delivering analytic tools to our system that drove timely insights in both clinical and operational domains, resulting in effective delivery of critical care and in organizational efficiencies during a time of reduced resources.

Team Description
The Data Analyst is a critical member of the MGB Data & Analytics Organization Enterprise Data Warehouse Quality Assurance team. The EDW is made up of several teams focused on quality assurance, data architecture, data engineering, and user support. These teams work together in conjunction with other DAO teams to design, develop, validate, maintain, and support the EDW platform and many different analytic data assets and products.

Role Summary
The Data Analyst reporting directly to the Manager of Quality Assurance will specifically be responsible to:
Conduct requirement analysis, lead and drive discussion on test strategy and test plans, create reusable test scripts, track product defects, and deliver test results/metrics
Share and promote quality assurance processes across the DAO; drive development of product quality standards and best practices
Develop or specify standards, methods, or procedures to determine product quality or release readiness; identify operation quality control criteria to support quality deliverables
Ensure data and analytic assets being developed within the DAO contain accurate data that meet the desired business goals
Work in conjunction with his/her team, data architects, developers, and subject matter experts to develop analytic products and ensure accurate, valid, reliable, and timely results
Develop an in depth knowledge of our data and data structures as well as the ability to translate business requirements into SQL programming logic
Work with multiple sources of healthcare data (ex: claims, financial, and clinical data) to deliver high value analytic assets

 Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Plan and coordinate on all testing activities (test strategy, test plan, test cases, and test results) and lead the development of testing artifacts
Responsible for completing thorough quality assurance procedures ensuring accuracy, reliability, and validity of work and data
Perform testing on data marts and other data and analytic assets to ensure products meet the business needs and requirements
Coach DAO project teams on quality assurance processes and help facilitating test planning sessions
Understand business and product needs and be able to perform data profiling; interpret and report on results to demonstrate quality or surface possible data integrity issues
Collect and translate business requirements to establish data quality rules for data engineers to implement
Retrieve, organize, and manipulate data from the Enterprise Data Warehouse and other data sources. Projects range from simple programming to more advanced techniques
Present analytical findings in a variety of formats (Excel, reports, PowerPoint, Tableau, graphs, figures, and tables), formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting results to broad range of audiences including stakeholders, end users, team members and others
Work with a variety of tools (ex: SQL, IDQ, Excel, Tableau, etc) to access data, write queries, develop programming logic, create dashboards, run reports, manipulate, and analyze large data sets to meet the needs of Partners DAO and its business partners
Comprehend business requirements and user stories to surface questions or potential gaps in requirements or data
Collaborate on the development, modification, and validation of new and existing data quality controls
Translate business requirements into detailed technical specifications and source to target mappings for data engineers
Perform other duties as assigned
Qualifications
3 to 5+ years of experience in professional data warehouse QA/Testing experience, broad knowledge of testing approaches and techniques, preferably in healthcare
3 to 5+ years of experience in preparing test strategy, developing test plan, detailed test cases, writing test scripts by decomposing business requirements, and developing Test Scenarios to support quality deliverables
Must be detail-oriented with excellent problem-solving skills and ability to conduct effective research; highly analytical and able to independently analyze test results, examine and identify triggers and root cause
Expertise in backend testing and writing SQL queries, including complex subqueries and joins
Knowledge of data structures and relational database concept
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Self-motivated, resourceful, and able to take initiative

Skills, Abilities and Competencies
Experience with healthcare data is strongly preferred (ex: claims, clinical, and financial)
Experience with SQL Server platform is strongly preferred
Working knowledge of Tableau or other data visualization software is preferred
Experience in test automation implementation a plus
Adept at establishing trusted relationships at all levels across the organization and collaborating across multi-functional teams
Demonstrated ability to learn new technology and industry concepts quickly and be able to apply them
Ability to capture complex and negative test case scenarios
Ability to work with multiple stakeholders with competing priorities
Experience working in environments where Agile, Scrum, DevOps practices are used a plus but not required
Understanding of ETL methodologies and Data Warehousing principles, approaches, technologies, and architectures including the concepts, designs, and usage of data warehouses and data marts a plus but not required
Experience with Informatica Data Quality a plus but not required
Able to quickly adapt and learn in an ever changing healthcare environment

Working Conditions
MGB has implemented special remote working policies due to COVID-19. These policies are subject to change; however, it is currently expected that this position will work remotely (e.g. from home) full time through June 2021
When present on-site in Sommerville, standard office environment
The noise level on-site in the work environment is quiet to moderate
This position may require occasional local travel to MGB sites, vendors, and/or conferences
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk; or hear; use hands to finger; handle; or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop; kneel; or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
EEO Statement
Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.

Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row
Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145
Job Professional/Managerial
Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS)
Schedule Full-time
Standard Hours 40
Shift Day Job
Employee Status Regular
Recruiting Department PHS Data Analytics Office
Job Posting Mar 5, 2021"
50	30+ days ago	IDBS	Senior Data Scientist (Remote)	"IDBS is a leading global provider of advanced software for research and development organizations to securely capture, manage, share, and exploit structured and unstructured data. IDBS’ software platform powers process design and execution while delivering deep insights that drive innovation. By enabling our customers to deliver high-quality therapeutics to patients faster and more cost effectively, IDBS is accelerating biopharmaceutical development into the digital age. Our customers trust us with their data so they can get back to what they do best: science that betters lives.
IDBS is proud to work alongside a community of nine fellow Danaher Life Sciences companies. Together, we’re pioneering the future of science and medicine, developing products that enable researchers in the fight to save lives.
As a Senior Data Scientist/machine learning engineer you will take accountability for development & delivery of Analytics solutions in order to provide insights & improvement to business processes and solving business problems. You will play a meaningful role in our Data Science Team, designing, building, deploying and maintaining analytics solutions. As an experienced engineer you will also provide hands-on experience in Machine Learning, AI, Statistical analysis and visualizations. You will work closely with other teams in their related journeys. You will gain exposure to a wide range of our software modules and the technologies backing them, e.g. cloud, microservices, database, data lakes, cloud warehouses, BI and analytics tools, AI/ML libraries among others. Responsibilities include:
Participate in designing, implementing and keep improving IDBS data and analytics platforms.
Help Professional Services, Solutions Consultant and R&D organization in implementing data analytics solutions for customers, preparing RFI’s and RFP’s.
Identify customer needs, propose solutions, and assist in all aspects from inception through delivery.
Helping in testing new technologies for the company in line with the company’s digital strategy around Analytics.
Study and transform data science prototypes, design machine learning systems, run tests and experiments.
Extend existing ML libraries and frameworks Interested in this opportunity? You'll need to bring:
Bachelors or Advanced degree in informatics, bioinformatics, statistics, or related sciences.
5+ years of experience preferred in Informatics projects involving analytics, ML and AI.
Experienced with relevant topics in Machine Learning
Deep knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms
Experience in deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc and familiar with state-of-the-art Machine Learning and Deep Learning models
Strong knowledge of Python, R or similar languages
Understanding of data structures, data modelling and software architecture
Ability to assess situations (and data) from multiple viewpoints; communicate by presenting facts and data; challenge and debate issues of importance to the organization effectively.
Cloud experience
When you join us, you’ll also be joining Danaher’s global organization, where 69,000 people wake up every day determined to help our customers win. As an associate, you’ll try new things, work hard, and advance your skills with guidance from dedicated leaders, all with the support of powerful Danaher Business System tools and the stability of a tested organization.
Danaher is committed to a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone feels they belong and all voices are heard. We believe in our associates and the unique perspectives they bring to every challenge, which is why we’ll empower you to push the boundaries of what’s possible.
If you’ve ever wondered what’s within you, there’s no better time to find out.

#LI-LW1"
51	7 days ago	Humana	Manager, Data Science (Remote US)	"Humana's Provider Payment Integrity organization is looking for an experienced Data Science Manager to join the Claims Cost Management (CCM) Solutions Support team working from home anywhere in the US. This dedicated team is focused on building data-driven analytical solutions to prevent fraudulent claims.
Responsibilities
The Data Science Manager within Provider Payment Integrity will utilize their leadership skills and improvement process experience to lead a remote team of 6 highly skilled associates that are located throughout the country. This team will consists of Data Scientist, Cognitive/Machine Learning Professionals and a Database Engineer. This Manager will be experienced and knowledgeable in mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.
Primary Focus
Utilize process improvement and gap analysis for continuous improvement of Humana’s current telephonic Natural Language Processing (NLP) systems
Guide and lead a strong technical team in determining, developing, and implementing new processes
One of the primary focus of this team is to identify potential Fraud, Waste, and Abuse occurring with Humana
Continuously staying up to date with industry news and working closely with new and existing vendors
Based on current guidance from the CDC, local and state governments, and Humana leadership related to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak have extended travel restrictions until further notice. The policy will be reassessed as the situation warrants. Once these restrictions are lifted this role may require up to 10% overnight travel depending on business needs for anyone located in Louisville, KY and up to 20% for anyone not located in Louisville, KY.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in data science, analytics or related field
4+ years of experience in Healthcare data analytics, artificial intelligence and/or data engineering
Previous direct and/or indirect leadership experience
Previous SQL, Python, R and/or Splunk experience
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Experience with providing strategic advice and guidance to functional teams
Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting
Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics
Successful demonstrated experience in working with senior executives to develop and drive segment or enterprise-wide functional strategies
Work-at-home Requirements
Must ensure designated work area is free from distractions during work hours and virtual meetings
Must provide a high-speed DSL or cable modem for a workspace (Satellite and Hotspots are prohibited). A minimum standard speed of 10x1 (10mbs download x 1mbs upload) for optimal performance of is required
Preferred Qualifications
Master's Degree
NLP experience
Prior Experience with identifying Fraud, Waste, and Abuse with healthcare
Previous management experience
Additional Information
Only persons with authorization to work permanently in the U.S. need apply. EEO
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40"
52	30+ days ago	TrueAccord	Machine Learning Engineer	"Why TrueAccord?
TrueAccord is a category-defining company. We combine machine learning with a human-based approach to transform debt resolution and to get people on the path towards financial health. Every year, more than 70 million Americans have negative experiences dealing with debt. We are changing this by providing a personalized digital experience that guides lenders and consumers through this challenging financial process.
With a world-class leadership team, passionate team members, and proprietary predictive models trained on years worth of transactional data, TrueAccord is well-positioned to deliver on a huge opportunity: helping millions of consumers to regain and keep their financial footing while lowering the cost of doing business for creditors across many industries.
The Role:

TrueAccord is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join its growing AI & Data Science team. You will join a multi-functional team of data scientists and engineers dedicated to creating a data driven culture, improving the efficiency and dependability of the way we make decisions.
In this role, you will build and productionalize models used in our core product. You will own and develop the core machine learning infrastructure and will help to improve the model development lifecycle. You will work closely with data scientists, engineers and product team partners to deploy machine learning-based projects destined to have the highest impact on external and internal customer experience.
We’re looking for a driven, self-sufficient engineer with strong programming skills, who thrives in a collaborative environment. You should have an excellent grasp on core machine learning techniques and a product focused mindset. You should be passionate about efficient and scalable coding principles and determined to have a huge impact at TrueAccord.


Key Responsibilities:
Build and productionalize machine learning algorithms
Lead adoption and integration of new technologies to improve our machine learning development and production pipelines
Design and develop frameworks to easily assemble training workflows and data pipelines for machine learning
Collaborate with data scientists to improve tools for visualization and debugging of models and features
You have:
Minimum 5 years of experience in applied data science or engineering with focus on machine learning
Python expertise with deep knowledge of machine learning libraries, tools, techniques, and frameworks (e.g. pandas, sklearn, xgboost, Tensorflow, Keras, PMML etc.)
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field
Ability to lead architectural discussions, drive technical decision making and implement day-to-day changes
Nice to have:
Strong cross-functional communication skills with technical and non-technical partners
Experience working with the AWS ecosystem
Solid understanding of experiment design
FinTech background
Benefits, Perks, and Culture
Everything you need to work remotelyWork with talented and motivated people in a fast-paced mission-driven environmentMedical/dental/vision insurance, 401k (with match), flex spending plan, and life insurance
- Family-friendly policies - parental leave, flexible work from homeUnlimited PTOTransportation benefits
We offer a healthy work environment that continuously builds an inclusive and diverse culture where everyone is able to develop the best version of themselves. We are a dynamic group of people who are subject matter experts with a passion for change. Our teams are crafting solutions to big problems every day. If you’re looking for an opportunity to do impactful work, join TrueAccord and make a difference.
Our Dedication to Diversity & Inclusion
TrueAccord is an equal opportunity employer. We promote, value, and thrive with a diverse & inclusive team. Different perspectives contribute to better solutions and this makes us stronger every day. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
53	30+ days ago	Amazon.com Services LLC	Principal Applied Scientist	"Masters in machine learning, computer vision, computer science or related field.
5+ years of hands-on experience developing and implementing deep learning or computer vision algorithms.
Experience with modern ML/CV frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc...
Experience with gradient descent and other forms of first and second order derivative-based optimization
Experience with probabilistic models and statistical learning
Experience with generative deep learning models applicable to the creation of synthetic images like GANs, VAEs and NF.
Strong communication and data presentation skills
Strong problem solving abilities

If you get excited by the prospect of solving hard problems using Computer Vision and Machine Learning, enjoy working in a fast-paced environment with thought leaders in the CV space, and are passionate about launching algorithms for maximum customer impact, then we have the perfect role for you!

We are looking for an expert in computer vision with a focus on data-driven image synthesis using deep learning techniques such as GANs and VAEs to help Amazon transform pixels into personalized fashion images. Our team is developing cutting-edge technology to personalize and transform photos, partnering with many different teams across Amazon to apply a mix of workflows, image generation, computer vision, and machine learning to solve problems like virtual try-on and AR at Amazon scale.

As an Applied Scientist, you will work in a team with other scientists and engineers working on products and prototypes in the field of image synthesis and photo-realistic appearance of people and clothing to create scalable solutions to customer problems. You will play a critical role in ideation for the team and run live experiments, with opportunities to publish your work. We are building the next generation of fashion imagery, and we hope you'll join us!

This role is located in NYC, but we are open to hiring remote positions across the US.

To know more about Amazon science, Please visit https://www.amazon.science


PhD in machine learning, computer vision, computer science or related field is preferred but relevant industry experience will be taken into account.
Publications in top-tier venues (CVPR, ICML, NIPS, ICCV, ECCV, SIGGRAPH, etc.)
Experience with machine learning techniques for fast and accurate extraction of visual features of humans (i.e. shape, pose, segmentation) from photographs. Hands on experience in this area is a strong plus.
Experience with 3D graphics and/or geometric reconstruction
Familiarity with cloud computing services such as AWS

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
54	7 days ago	Shopify	Data Science Manager (Remote, Americas)	"Company Description
Shopify is the leading omni-channel commerce platform. Merchants use Shopify to design, set up, and manage their stores across multiple sales channels, including mobile, web, social media, marketplaces, brick-and-mortar locations, and pop-up shops. The platform also provides merchants with a powerful back-office and a single view of their business, from payments to shipping. The Shopify platform was engineered for reliability and scale, making enterprise-level technology available to businesses of all sizes. Headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, Shopify currently powers over 1,000,000 businesses in approximately 175 countries and is trusted by brands such as Allbirds, Gymshark, PepsiCo, Staples, and many more.

Job Description
Data Science & Engineering is a crucial part of Shopify’s mission to make commerce better for everyone. We organize and interpret petabytes of data to provide solutions for our merchants and stakeholders across the organization. From pipelines and schema design to machine learning products and decision support, data science at Shopify is a diverse role with many opportunities to positively impact our success. The Data Science & Engineering team acts as the impact multiplier for Shopify’s product teams, putting over 11 petabytes of data to work to make our merchants more successful. From delivering merchandising insights, to optimizing shipping and processing rates, to reducing credit card fraud, to ad campaign recommendations - our Data Scientists deliver solutions from pipeline to platform via an array of open source tools.
We are looking for Data Science Managers to join our Data Science teams and help shape the insights and algorithms that will inform our strategies as we grow globally.
What your role will look like:
Partner closely with product, engineering and other RnD stakeholders to guide their decisions using data
Proactively identify and champion projects that solve complex problems across multiple domains
Apply specialized skills and fundamental data science methods (e.g. experimental design, recommender systems and machine learning when needed) to inform improvements to our business
Design and implement end-to-end data pipelines: work closely with stakeholders to build models, tables or schemas that support business processes
Empower teams to build and maintain actionable KPIs, production-quality dashboards, informative deep dives, and scalable data products

Qualifications
You will need to have:
7-10 years of commercial experience as in a data science role solving high impact business problems, including 3+ years leading and maintaining high performance data science teams
Experience building and managing high performance data science teams
Experience delivering business impact through analysis and data products
Experience building data pipelines and driving ETL design decisions
Technical leadership and management experience (you enjoy doing both). You can jump into the code to the level that your direct reports admire and respect, but are also interested in developing people and capacity for your team
Experience creating data product strategies, shipping data products, iterating after launch, and trying again
Extensive experience using Python including a strong grasp of object oriented programming (OOP) fundamentals
Strong ability to prioritize and communicate to technical and non-technical audiences alike
It would be great if you have:
Previous experience using Spark (either via Scala or Pyspark)
Experience with statistical methods like regression, GLMs or experiment design and analysis, shipping productionized machine learning systems or other advanced techniques are also welcome
Experience with data storytelling using Tableau, QlikView, Mode, Matplotlib, D3, or similar data visualization tools
Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
If you’re interested in helping us shape the future of commerce at Shopify, click the “Apply Now” button to submit your application. Please submit a resume and cover letter with your application. Make sure to tell us how you think you can make an impact at Shopify, and what drew you to the role.
Please apply before June 25th, 5:00 pm EST.
At Shopify, we are committed to building and fostering an environment where our employees feel included, valued, and heard. Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We strongly encourage applications from Indigenous people, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities and/or people with intersectional identities."
55	30+ days ago	Dascena	Software Engineer Manager - Data	"At Dascena, we are applying cutting-edge machine learning techniques in order to help save lives. We have partnered with healthcare providers across the country in order to deploy predictive machine learning technologies that assist clinicians in providing the best care to their patients.
As a Software Engineer Manager at Dascena, you will lead a small, focused team of software engineers to design, develop, and maintain our clinical data pipeline and data storage. You will work closely with our data science team to support our clinical machine learning R&D. You will collaborate with business stakeholders to build and maintain a flexible and compliant data platform and workflow to support complex healthcare data.
If you have a passion for working on large datasets, leading in-depth research, learning and implementing the newest techniques, and brainstorming the next best idea, then please apply today!
Responsibilities
Lead a team of data engineers and software engineers to design, develop, and maintain our large-scale clinical data platform and data tools
Design and implement flexible workflows that support the ingestion, transformation, and storage of complex clinical data
Establish processes to help the team operate efficiently
Collaborate with the data science team to deliver data products that support the data science research and development
Collaborate with the engineering team and the business team to drive cross-product data projects
Learn new techniques in the worlds of machine learning and artificial intelligence and put them into practice to develop novel approaches in the domain of healthcare
Recruit and mentor data engineers and interns
Qualifications
Bachelor or graduate degree in computer science, software engineering, or related field
Extensive experience in managing data warehouse systems and large datasets in cloud environments
Expert knowledge in Python ecosystem and related data frameworks and libraries
Strong understanding of NoSQL and SQL databases
Strong understanding of distributed computing and scalability
Experience with security standards and compliance
Excellent communication and writing skills
Ability to operate in a fast-moving environment supporting a rapidly growing business
Benefits & Perks
Competitive compensation
Health benefits
Flexible hours and PTO
Remote work
Other Information:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
To build a diverse workforce, Dascena encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. Dascena is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
10Sm7pOrRG"
56	30+ days ago	Merck	Associate Director, Data Scientist	"Job Description
Our Human Health Division maintains a “patient first, profits later” ideology. The organization is comprised of sales, marketing, market access, digital analytics and commercial professionals who are passionate about their role in bringing our medicines to our customers worldwide.
Our Associate Director roles involve working with our partners across the organization to help them address critical business questions and create scalable and production-grade artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) products. You will be working independently on small-scale analyses as well as with a scrum team for larger engagements, comprised of data scientists, business analysts, data engineers, and subject matter experts to deliver well-defined projects. You will be tasked with designing and creating machine learning models and retraining systems.
Your model deployment will most likely be in the cloud, and we’ll look for the appropriate experience at your end. Some reporting and visualization skills will come in handy too. You don’t have to be an expert in any of these topics but need to be able to demonstrate aptitude and some experience. We will have some resources that you can leverage as needed. This role will require interfacing with teams so strong communication skills is a must. Experience with healthcare data is a plus. Healthcare data is sometimes unstructured and mostly in the form of text and images, so natural-language processing (NLP) and/or computer vision experience is preferred. We will look to your guidance for creating a technical roadmap for the project and exercise your leadership in executing it. We are looking for someone with five years of experience in the data science/engineering space.
Primary Responsibilities:
Select analytical techniques and model methods best to solve business problems.
Understand the customer/stakeholders' business needs/priorities and helps building solutions that support our business goals.
Enable delivery of data-analytics projects. Have deep knowledge of the company's supported technology; understand the whole complexity/dependencies between multiple teams, platforms (people, technologies).
Communicate intensively with other platform/competencies to comprehend new trends and methodologies being implemented/considered within the company ecosystem.
Establish and manage the close relationships with customers/stakeholders.
Has overview of the drug substance (DS) market development to be able to come up/explore new ways of delivering analytics solutions to increase their value/contribution.
Builds “community of practice” leveraging experience from delivering complex analytics projects.
Is tactical and develops production-grade models while thinking strategically.
Contribute to innovative experiments, specifically to idea generation, idea incubation and/or experimentation, identifying tangible and measurable criteria.
Travel may be required (<10%)
Education Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related quantitative field
Advanced degree preferred
Required Experience and Skills:
Minimum of 5-7 years of relevant delivery of complex analytical projects (industrialized, validated)
Minimum 3 years of professional experience in Applied Machine Learning, with at least 2 years on cloud environment (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Self-motivation, proactivity, and ability to work independently with minimum direction.
Proven knowledge of business processes and industry/market trends within the pharmaceutical space.
Excellent business acumen, with proven ability to understand business processes in detail – both at global and region/country levels – and translate these into user stories and detailed business requirements.
Proven leadership and negotiation skills, along with good analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, along with the ability to communicate appropriately and confidently with colleagues from different backgrounds and seniority levels.
Excellent organizational skills, with ability to navigate a complex matrix environment and organize/prioritize work efficiently and effectively.
Hands-on experience writing production-grade ML code.
Preferred Experience and Skills:
Coding:
Hands on coding experience in Python/R/Scala/Java or any other OOP; ETL using SQL/shell scripting.
Experience in TensorFlow/Torch libraries; SageMaker, Databricks, MLflow Spark/distributed compute environment.
Experience using cloud-based SQL & noSQL databases (Redshift, BQ, Athena, Mongo, so on).
2+ years of relevant experience in the Healthcare industry.
Delivery:
Experiences with project management and data analytics project delivery. Ability to communicate with business user/customer and with IT operations. Good overview of complex Data analytics solutions, ability to explain consequences to both IT and business.
DATA2021
Our Human Health Division maintains a “patient first, profits later” ideology. The organization is comprised of sales, marketing, market access, digital analytics and commercial professionals who are passionate about their role in bringing our medicines to our customers worldwide.
Who we are …
We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.
What we look for …
In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth.
Invent. Impact. Inspire.
NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS
In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.
If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.
Current Employees apply HERE
Current Contingent Workers apply HERE
US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:
Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:
EEOC Poster
EEOC GINA Supplement
OFCCP EEO Supplement
We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.
Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.
Employee Status:
Regular
Relocation:
No relocation
VISA Sponsorship:
Yes
Travel Requirements:
10%
Flexible Work Arrangements:
Remote Work
Shift:
1st - Day
Valid Driving License:
Yes
Hazardous Material(s):
Number of Openings:
3
Requisition ID:R113741"
57	Today	Mass General Brigham(PHS)	Data Warehouse Architect (Enterprise Data & Digital Health)	"Data Warehouse Architect (Enterprise Data & Digital Health)
 - (3158008)
About Us

As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.

We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.

Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration.

Overview

We seek employees who bring passion, are highly collaborative, and thrive in a dynamic, diverse, and inclusive team. We work in a highly agile environment with a focus on quality and achieving real impact with our work. We are excited to have a team with a rich mix of experiences, with people who bring innovative approaches to their work, an excitement for looking at things from new angles, and a spirit of continuous improvement. Finally, we seek employees who embrace and live our core values of respect, recognition, communication, commitment, trust, innovation, and service. If this sounds like you, we invite you to apply.
Mass General Brigham’s main office is in Somerville, MA. We are currently working as a fully-remote team due to COVID-19 and encourage applications from across the US as telecommuting becomes part of our new normal. We are committed to building an engaged, inclusive community and offer a variety of opportunities to come together virtually and facilitate learning and collaboration.


Mass General Brigham’s board and system-wide executive leadership are making significant investments in enterprise data and digital health, enabling innovation and transformation in the delivery of health care, research and discovery. By building out core digital and data capabilities, we are supporting the achievement of Mass General Brigham’s mission to drive growth and innovation in inpatient, ambulatory, and digital care. We are at the start of this journey and we are looking for talented individuals from across the nation to join us in transforming healthcare and in achieving the expected outcomes of this strategy: improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, and efficiency in the delivery of healthcare with excellence.

In the achievement of these goals, Mass General Brigham’s data and analytic teams are working together to build a system-wide data ecosystem. We are both leveraging current assets and building new, integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities, supporting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights. Teams from Data and Analytics, Research Analytics, Clinical Data Science, and Information Systems are collaborating to build this new data and analytic ecosystem. To ensure success of this effort, Mass General Brigham is standing up a new Data and Analytics operating model with a goal of driving a level of standardization for data and analytic operations across the teams involved.

The value of investments in data and analytics were proven out during our response to COVID-19 as these investments were leveraged to stand up new reporting and analytic capabilities to support executive and clinical leadership on managing the pandemic. Our broad data and analytic community has come together across Mass General Brigham ’s 14 healthcare sites with shared urgency, delivering analytic tools to our system that drove timely insights in both clinical and operational domains, resulting in effective delivery of critical care and in organizational efficiencies during a time of reduced resources.

Team Description

As a Senior Data Architect, you are a critical member of the Mass General Brigham Data & Analytics Organization (DAO) Enterprise Data Warehouse Data Architecture team. The Data Architecture team works together with other DAO teams to design, develop, validate, maintain, and support the EDW platform and many different analytic data assets and products. The EDW team is in process of migrating to a Cloud Data platform and looking for a Cloud enthusiast as we move to Azure Cloud. The ideal candidate will have a strong data architecture pedigree, enjoys working with new data technologies and excellent communication and leadership skills. If you are seeking a new challenge and are motivated by transformations we encourage you to apply.

Role Summary

The Data Architect reporting directly to the Manager of Enterprise Data Architecture will specifically be responsible to:
Develop and revise conceptual, logical, and physical data models for an Enterprise (i.e. Enterprise Data Architecture)
Build and maintain a deep understanding of the data and analytic landscape at Partners including data sources, data and analytic assets and products, analytic tools and software, and master data
Determine database structural requirements by analyzing business operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with business partners; evaluating current systems;
Create data models that conform to current standards and conventions
Apply expertise and best practices to the development and revision of data architecture standards and conventions
Develop and revise data dictionary definitions, governance practices, and standards;
Partner with security architects to ensure compliance with data security and privacy policies and procedures
Participate in Architectural strategies on the EDW migration to Cloud platform e.g. integration with Data Lake and other Azure services

Principal Duties & Responsibilities

• Understands how data is used to support analytical and/or operational reporting
Interviews business users to obtain requirements for enhancements and/or new analytic assetsMaps source system data to data warehouse modelsAssists in the Development of data asset training and documentationWorks with teams to integrate data across clinical, administrative, and financial source systems including the management of critical master dataDevelops and tests extraction, transformation, and load (ETL) processesFollows standards for technology and technical processesPresents technical solutions to stakeholders and end users
Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience including continuing to innovate data architecture design and deployment, and data modelling especially dimensional data modeling (OLAP)
Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills
Must possess strong data modeling skills
Must possess experience using Erwin or similar tools for developing and maintaining data models
Must possess strong data analysis skills into source systems to profile source system data
Must have strong experience with SQL


Preferred Skills, Abilities and Competencies
Experience with SQL Server platform is preferred
Healthcare industry experience and Epic data experience is preferred
Experience with Health Catalyst a plus but not required
Experience with Tableau reporting tools a plus but not required
Experience in agile development data projects a plus but not required
Excellent consultative skills, understanding business needs and translating those needs to technical requirements and solutions.
Strong creative problem solving with ability to craft Partners-specific solutions to meet the wide range of business needs across the organization
Adept at establishing trusted relationships at all levels across the organization and collaborating across multi-functional teams
Relational and dimensional data modeling and database design skills
Knowledge of data warehousing architectural approaches
Understanding of SQL and relational and multidimensional designs
Ability to construct queries using a supported query tool
Understands BI tool architecture, functions, features
Flexibility, diplomacy, and problem-solving
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization including senior business and clinical leaders and executives
Experience with Cloud Data Warehouse platforms e.g. Snowflake, Azure Synapse
Experience with the Azure stack (Azure Data Factory, ADLS, Azure Databricks, Azure ML, Azure Synapse, and Azure SQL) to help build a modern platform for data that will be sourced from a variety of analytic and operational application

Working Conditions

MGB has implemented special remote working policies due to COVID-19. These policies are subject to change; however, it is currently expected that this position will work remotely (e.g. from home) full time through September 2021

If onsite:
Possible local travel to Mass General Brigham sites, vendors, and conferencesNormal office working conditions. The noise level in the work environment is quiet to moderate.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk; or hear; use hands to finger; handle; or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop; kneel; or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

Supervisory Duties

May lead project teams

EEO Statement
Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.
Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row
Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145
Job Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing
Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS)
Schedule Full-time
Standard Hours 40
Shift Day Job
Employee Status Regular
Recruiting Department PHS Enterprise Data & Digital Health
Job Posting Jun 1, 2021"
58	14 days ago	Mass General Brigham(PHS)	Data Engineer (EDW, Data Analytics Office)	"Data Engineer (EDW, Data Analytics Office)
 - (3149631)
About Us
As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.

We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.

Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration.

We seek employees who bring passion, are highly collaborative, and thrive in a dynamic, diverse, and inclusive team. We work in a highly agile environment with a focus on quality and achieving real impact with our work. We are excited to have a team with a rich mix of experiences, with people who bring innovative approaches to their work, an excitement for looking at things from new angles, and a spirit of continuous improvement. Finally, we seek employees who embrace and live our core values of respect, recognition, communication, commitment, trust, innovation, and service. If this sounds like you, we invite you to apply.
Mass General Brigham’s main office is in Somerville, MA. We are currently working as a fully-remote team due to COVID-19 and encourage applications from across the US as telecommuting becomes part of our new normal. We are committed to building an engaged, inclusive community and offer a variety of opportunities to come together virtually and facilitate learning and collaboration.

Summary
Mass General Brigham’s board and system-wide executive leadership are making significant investments in enterprise data and digital health, enabling innovation and transformation in the delivery of health care, research and discovery. By building out core digital and data capabilities, we are supporting the achievement of Mass General Brigham’s mission to drive growth and innovation in inpatient, ambulatory, and digital care. We are at the start of this journey and we are looking for talented individuals from across the nation to join us in transforming healthcare and in achieving the expected outcomes of this strategy: improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, and efficiency in the delivery of healthcare with excellence.

In the achievement of these goals, Mass General Brigham’s data and analytic teams are working together to build a system-wide data ecosystem. We are both leveraging current assets and building new, integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities, supporting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights. Teams from Data and Analytics, Research Analytics, Clinical Data Science, and Information Systems are collaborating to build this new data and analytic ecosystem. To ensure success of this effort, Mass General Brigham is standing up a new Data and Analytics operating model with a goal of driving a level of standardization for data and analytic operations across the teams involved.

The value of investments in data and analytics were proven out during our response to COVID-19 as these investments were leveraged to stand up new reporting and analytic capabilities to support executive and clinical leadership on managing the pandemic. Our broad data and analytic community has come together across Mass General Brigham ’s 14 healthcare sites with shared urgency, delivering analytic tools to our system that drove timely insights in both clinical and operational domains, resulting in effective delivery of critical care and in organizational efficiencies during a time of reduced resources.
Team Description
EDW data engineering team supports various data source ingestion and builds analytics data layer in EDW. The team also manages ETL/ELT operation, performance and site -specific security for our broad data and analytics community.
Role Details
We are looking for a self-motivated EDW Data Engineer to join our data engineering team to perform design, build, test and maintain architectures such as EDW, data lake and large -scale data processing systems. Join a team of data engineers to build, monitor and support EDW ingestions, data marts and extracts to meet various SLAs for our broad data and analytic community. The ideal candidate also performs on-going operation performance and security activities to support EDW access and optimization of user queries. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing and/or redesigning our data landscape to support the next generation of products and data initiatives.
Duties and Responsibilities
Perform EDW ETL/ELT ingestions and integrations to ensure support data and analytic needs
Build and enhance standard solution that provides efficient and scalable ETL/ELT solutions from multiple data sources
Ensure the quality of data assets and robustness of data engineering processes
Experience with change control, release management and other ITIL processes
Participate in building out existing EDW in SQL Server and new Data Lake, expanding and optimizing the data ecosystem, as well as optimizing data engineering processes
Support BI Developers, Data Architects, Data Analysts and Data Scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects
Participate ETL/DB solution, code and pre-prod review to ensure data build and delivery architecture is efficient and consistent throughout ongoing projects
Use/s the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration
Qualifications
3 plus years of experience architecting and building data ingestions and data integration solution for Enterprise Data and Analytics Solutions
Advanced level of experience with ETL/ELT tools
Experience supporting and enhancing existing Enterprise Data Warehouse or Data Lake
Experience designing systems that are highly reliable, self-recovering, and require little or no supporting manpower
Familiar with change control, release management, and other ITIL methodology

Preferred Skills, Abilities and Competencies
Strong SQL skills and workload management on multi-processing data platform (preferred MPP systems)
Ability to troubleshoot system bottleneck and conduct performance tuning in large data warehouse or data lake
Experience with logical and physical data modeling
Experience with real time data processing and analytics products is a plus
3 plus years of experience with building larger data warehouse in SQL Server, SSIS
3 years Informatica, Talend data integration tool is a plus
Familiarity with data engineering, data governance and data quality principles
Healthcare experience, most notably in Clinical data, Epic, Payer data and reference data is a plus
Health Catalyst knowledge is a plus

Working Conditions
MGB has implemented special remote working policies due to COVID-19. These policies are subject to change; however, it is currently expected that this position will work remotely (e.g. from home) full time through June 2021
If onsite:
Possible local travel to Partners sites, vendors, and conferences
Normal office working conditions. The noise level in the work environment is quiet to moderate.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk; or hear; use hands to finger; handle; or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop; kneel; or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Supervisor Duties
No supervisory responsibility

EEO Statement
Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.

Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row
Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145
Job Business and Systems Analyst
Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS)
Schedule Full-time
Standard Hours 40
Shift Day Job
Employee Status Regular
Recruiting Department PHS Data Analytics Office
Job Posting May 18, 2021"
59	30+ days ago	Acorn Analytics	Data Science Consulting Engagement Manager	"Data Science Consulting Engagement Manager
Acorn Analytics is a small, mighty, and passionate team of data consultants with locations in San Francisco and Boulder. Our company vision is to become the most diverse team of data experts in the United States. We believe that diversity is extremely important because those who participate in the development of technologies and data-driven solutions shape the future - and we want a future that works for everyone. Furthermore, diversity allows us to build more creative, bias-resistant, inspired solutions, leading to better outcomes for our clients as well as our internal team. We’ve created a committee to the pursuit of justice, equity, diversity and inclusion (JEDI) - and we’re looking for more people to join the Force. If all of that excites you as much as the rest of the job description, please reach out to us and apply - we can’t wait to meet you!
This role will be initially for approximately half-time (~20 hr/week), with opportunity to move to full time. A senior associate is expected to have all the responsibilities and abilities below:
Management & Communication:
Responsible for supervising a team of data scientists.
Lead discovery interview meetings, ask directed, strategic, and thoughtful questions to elucidate business needs and identify data science outcomes.
Manage projects and client engagements, with ultimate responsibility over the outcome of each individual statement of work (SOW) assigned to you
Responsible for managing at least one project in the capacity of team leader.
In this project management capacity, has accountability and ownership for the profitability of the project or client engagement this person is in charge of.
Reports status of the engagement on a regular basis.
Is able to navigate issues with the client and internal team, and knows when it is appropriate to ask for help.
Bills project management time to the client as appropriate per the SOW
Effectively manages between client responsibilities and internal ones.
Communicate clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing.
Supervisory Role: Yes (but no hiring or firing authority).
Responsible for leading an engagement team.
Highest Level Managed: Individual/Professional Level.
People Management Tasks: Mentor and advise, assign and evaluate work. Provide immediate feedback, both positive and negative, on work that is assigned and reviewed.
Lead team retrospectives at the conclusion of projects or major milestones.
Communicate clearly and effectively with both clients and multi-disciplinary teams, including your engagement team mates, your project leader, and senior staff.
Is independently client facing and continuously builds and strengthens relationships with clients
Take on responsibilities above and beyond what is billable in order to make meaningful and valuable contributions to the organization
Create written content describing findings using excellent written communication skills
Participate in statement of work creation during end of sales cycle
REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's Degree with at least 5 years experience in each of the following
Project and people management and
independent research and/or consulting experience,
(or a Masters or PhD with two years of each).
Excellent in project and people management with a natural knack for detail orientation and creating highly organized and efficient processes.
Desire and ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Excellent attention to detail in technical and non-technical aspects of role
Superb presentation and communication skills
Personable, engaging, confident, dependable leader
Opinionated, outspoken, thoughtful, curious
Skilled in understanding business processes and challenges, and identifying corresponding data-driven solutions
Proven ability with Mac OS/Linux
This is a Telecommute/Work from Home position
CEDD1xelsc"
60	30+ days ago	SpineZone	Machine Learning Engineer	"Company Description
Musculoskeletal (MSK) problems are the costliest medical category today, accounting for $432 billion cost alone in the US, four times the cost of diabetes and Heart disease. One key reason for this high cost has been the current “fee-for service” care model in the US where patients are treated in an uncoordinated manner throughout their care pathway. The mission of SpineZone is to reduce both the unnecessary suffering of these MSK patients and the total cost of care through an integrated holistic program that includes not only physical therapy but also education, diet and behavioral programs. The company was started by a group of spinal surgeons whose philosophy is to acknowledge the latent potentials of both mind and the body to heal and correct itself, and only intervening with costly injections and surgery when all other non-invasive interventions have not alleviated the suffering. The company has been operating several physical therapy clinics in California as well as an online, and has accumulated a trove of structured and unstructured data covering several years of patient features, interventions and outcomes. The company is also contributing to medical research through publications in leading journals and conferences in MSK.
We are now looking to expand the ML team whose mission is to develop, implement and deploy models and contribute to the ongoing scientific research efforts.
Job Description
You will be an early member of the ML team, with a unique opportunity to work on high dimensional data in the MSK domain. No other institution knows as many features about a MSK patient than SpineZone. You can shape and lead directions of the team and work closely with various teams, including:
Clinical team (spine surgeons, physical therapists, spine research professors): to understand nuances of the data and the domain, define new clinical questions and research directions as well as validate model development and predictions.
Product team: to understand customer (therapists, insurance clients, PCPs, ..) needs and opportunities
ML team: to support complementary efforts and help refine the end-to-end MLOps architecture and technologies, from labeling platforms, high dimensional ETLs to model serving and distribution shift detection and retraining pipelines.
Requirements
We are looking for applied ML researchers in mid to senior stages of their career to join us in this exciting journey to reduce the unnecessary suffering of patients. The position can be remote or in San Diego, CA. In particular, we are looking for individuals who have the following characteristics:
Technical
Have at least a masters or preferably a doctoral degree in AI/ML, biostatistics, epidemiology, with publications in respectable venues (e.g. NeurIPs, ICML, ICRL, CVPR, ACL, etc.)
Has an understanding of basic statistical methodology and experimental design principles.
Has deep experience in at least one of:
CV
NLP
RL
Causal modeling (contextual bandits, batch off-policy evaluation, sequential decision making, TMLE, etc.)
Excellent data and programming skills including:
languages: python3, Julia, C++
Database: postgres, sql
Big Data: Spark, Big Table, Athena
Cloud: AWS / GCP
Versioning: git
ML: Pytorch / TF, Pandas/Dask, Scikit-learn,
MLOps (optional): Sagemaker, MLFlow
Soft Skills
Can interact with non-ML experts (clinical researchers, therapists, surgeons, etc.) and explain complex concepts in a clear and concise manner.
Prefers to work in a collaborative rather than isolated mode
Evidence based approach for modeling and evaluation. Be able to nimbly adjust to study findings and change direction.
(optional) Able to grow the team.
SpineZone is an Equal Opportunity Employer: we value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

RSvrSarYqC"
61	30+ days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Senior Data Analyst - Telecommute	"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
This position will require direct interaction with clients. They will review and discuss data structures with clients and how they relate to RQNS Business Services. This role will involve communicating the impact of data deficiencies to the client and providing suggestions of possible solutions to issues. This role will work closely with both clients and other teams within Optum to provide a successful implementation. Positions in this function are responsible for the management and manipulation of structured data, with a focus on supporting business intelligence tools, conducting analysis to distinguish patterns and recognize trends, performing normalization operations and assuring data quality.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Creating specifications to bring data into a common structure, mapping data structures to meet established requirements, developing data solutions to support analyses, performing analysis, interpreting results, developing actionable insights and presenting recommendations to support service delivery
Partner with stakeholders to understand data requirements and develop tools and models such as segmentation, data visualizations, decision aids and business case analysis to support the organization
Producing and managing the delivery of data and analytics to external stakeholders and clients
Team members will typically use business intelligence, data visualization, query, analytic and statistical software to build solutions, perform analysis and interpret data
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
5+ years’ experience in healthcare data analysis
5+ years’ experience in IT development
5+ years’ experience working in SQL
5+ years’ experience in translation of business requirements into detailed system specifications
5+ years’ experience in data mapping between data sources
5+ years’ experience in relational database experience
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: Senior Data Analyst , SQL, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Work at Home, Work from Home, Remote"
62	15 days ago	Gainwell Technologies	Virtual Sr EDI Data Analyst	"Job Description:
Remote / Virtual - US
Work as technical developer on the implementation of new, and maintenance of existing B2B Trading Partners, transactions, communication protocols, and EDI solutions.

The position will be working closely with Project management, architects, technical, and functional leads to design solutions that are flexible, scalable, and reusable while meeting the business needs in timely manner.
Job Description:
5 years of EDI, Healthcare experience
Mapping from various file formats (X12, X12 HIPAA, XML, Flat File Positional, CSV, NCPDP)
A minimum 2 years of development and configuration experience in C++/Unix/SQL.
A minimum of 5 years of experience in working with a software development methodology.
A strong understanding of EDI programming practices, standards and conventions.
A strong understanding of development life cycle.
Strong facilitation skills to engage subject matter experts to define platform requirements and conduct detailed design reviews with project teams.
Must have strong understanding of Health care processes and hands on experience in supporting such processes.
Be proactive to issues regarding infrastructure, troubleshooting/debugging, user requests, etc.
Experience with tuning and customizing default application reports.
Experience with data delivery mechanisms using (S)FTP, HTTPS and other protocols.
Provide knowledgeable customer support, tuning and performance support.
Working as an individual and/or team contributor as situation demands.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to explain and document the technology strategy to diverse audiences
Skills Needed:
Experience with EDIFECS
C++
Experience with EDI document standards for Healthcare Transaction Sets 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835, 837, etc.
Experience in development of batch processes using Java.
Experience with BPML, XML, XSLT, and XPath.
Experience with SFTP, FTP, FTPS, AS2, HTTPS, TCP, UDP and SOAP (Web Service) protocols
Experience in ongoing performance tuning, applying patches, and resource optimization.
Creating and maintaining operational, configuration, procedural and other documentation.
Preferred:
IBM WTX Packs, Healthcare Pack and/or NCPDP Pack experience.
Two or more years of healthcare domain professional experience.
Prefer experience with
XSLT Knowledge a plus."
63	30+ days ago	MAXIMUS	Senior Data Science Analyst	"Job Description Summary WD USA:

MAXIMUS is seeking a Senior Data Science Analyst to develop and lead efforts in operationalizing data science to support our Standardized Operations and Analytics group within our Health and Human Services division. This exciting opportunity will provide insights by leading analytic practices – including designing new and creative advanced analytical solutions – that will become part of our core analytical product offerings. The selected candidate will work closely as part of a cross-functional team to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights connected to many different areas of our business processes. A Senior Data Science Analyst works with the entire lifecycle of analytics initiatives (research, design, implementation and validation) of machine learning and predictive algorithms to analyze program performance and improve operational processes. This role will also participate in other continual process improvement activities, help with project management, and execute ad-hoc requests, as needed. The role is fully remote, with limited travel requirements, but travel may be up to 25% time when necessary. Overall, most of the team experiences 10-15% travel time on an annual basis.
Â Job Summary:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities: - Capture, define, document, and maintain clear, accurate, and correctly detailed BPMN 2.0-based process models. - Create and manage allied process documentation including business needs statements, business requirements, use case documentation, test plans, report specifications; ensuring all required process documentation is accurate, correctly detailed, maintained and organized in the appropriate repository. - Design, execute and evaluate test plans to ensure source data are accurately represented in presentation data objects (dashboards/reports). - Facilitate discussion among process stakeholders (both technical and non-technical) to elicit, analyze, communicate (both written and verbally) and validate requirements, process design, and business intelligence/reporting needs. - Mentor, train, and provide guidance, background information, and assistance to managers, analysts and other staff on standards and best practices in the following areas: business and operational analysis, and interpretation and effective use of process models, presentation objects and other analysis artifacts. - Plan and execute analysis – often interrogating data and other information to perform root cause analysis, impact assessments, or to identify key measures and indicators of process performance making recommendations to improve or correct performance - Ensure requirements are met and intended benefits are realized through the effective use of data via a range of visualizations (e.g, dashboards, reports), and alerts while instituting standards and best practices. Minimum Requirements: - Bachelor's degree with 5+ years of experience. - Advanced degree or professional designation preferred. - Develops solutions to a variety of complex problems. - Work requires considerable judgment and initiative. - Exert some influence on the overall objectives and long-range goals of the organization.
Education and Experience Requirements:
Partner with stakeholders across the business to apply appropriate statistical analysis and quantitative methods to create datasets, analyze existing data, and predict future trends
Provide strategic expertise in machine learning and data mining techniques to identify and apply appropriate techniques, including optimization, simulation, regression, decision trees, neural networks, cluster analyses, mixed models, etc.Comfortably navigate the entire lifecycle of an analytics initiative – from leading meetings to gather business requirements, selecting datasets, defining appropriate analytics paths to apply, to documenting processes and presenting compelling results that drive outcomes
Focus on process design and ongoing operational decision support, particularly around staffing optimization, when integrating and using simulation toolsExpand datasets, enhance data quality, create automated anomaly detection systems, and see issues to resolutionBalance accuracy of analysis with needs for rapid response – using many types of data, business acumen, and strategic assumptions when data doesn’t existManage third party relationships to extend data and capabilities, when neededClear understanding of the uses and limitations of statistical applications, and ability to communicate relevant information with a wide variety of audiences
Other duties as assigned
Education and Experience Requirements
BS in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Management Information Systems (MIS), Economics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, or related discipline
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Systems, Business Analytics, MIS, Engineering, or a related technical field preferred.5+ years of experience in data analysis with heavy emphasis on data-driven decision making and applied statisticsExcellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, decision forecasts, etc.3+ years’ experience working with common data science toolkits such as R, Weka, Python/NumPy, MatLab, etc.Completed education in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field – Master’s or PhD preferredExcellence in one or more of the following areas: speech/text analytics, data visualization tools, large datasets, distributed computing tools, query languages, or relational databasesWorks well both independently with minimal supervision and cooperatively in a technical teamSelf-motivated individual with a strong passion for creating empirical research and answering complex questions with dataAbility to clearly communicate data findings to educate partners, motivate action, and improve business outcomesExperience with government sponsored health care programs and contact center operations desirable
Project/Position Introduction (MAX 500 Characters): Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status."
64	30+ days ago	Lumeon	Senior BI and Data Analyst	"Company Background
Lumeon provides Care Pathway Management (CPM) solutions that enable healthcare organizations to efficiently coordinate healthcare delivery and quickly launch next-generation care experiences. Its industry-leading automation platform acts as the ‘auto-pilot’ for healthcare delivery, automatically handling routine care tasks, communicating with patients along the way, while assisting care teams to focus their time on those most at risk. Care teams are prompted to make decisions, take control and intervene when required. Lumeon’s CPM platform also seamlessly integrates and compliments provider investments in their Electronic Health Record (EHR) system.

More than 70 progressive health systems in the USA and Europe have deployed Lumeon’s multi-award-winning platform. Lumeon has been recognized in Modern Healthcare's Best Places to Work in Healthcare 2020. We offer competitive salaries, a generous benefits package and an amazing company culture with frequent Zoom company events and daily fun brought to you by many creative Slack channels.
Your goal will be to provide business intelligence tools for Lumeon pathways and customers and to develop and build our standardized BI implementation. You will need a background in SQL and other query languages and data visualization tools.

This position will work remotely in Boston, MA. Lumeon team members will collaborate in person, as needed, in shared office spaces.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with customers to understand their workflows and reporting requirements.
Participates in the definition and analysis of efficient, cost effective solutions which support the customer’s business processes and functional requirements.
Interfaces with customers, vendors, and all company departments to resolve technical and quality reporting and database problems.
Develop business intelligence and analytical reporting
Responsible for delivering client reports in both CPM and BI tool
Responsible for Looker delivery methodology to both UK and US clients
Provide client specific statistics and visualisations in BI tool
Analyse various client data and implement into BI product offering
Engage with client to implement customized BI reports
Help to create a long-term plan for the company’s BI tools
To be successful, you will bring these qualities and experience:
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and autonomous, while highly collaborative.
Experience in one or more of the following technologies required: MySQL, Data Visualization tools such as Power BI, QuickSight, Tableau, Splunk.
You will need to have a consultative approach, probing and listening to client requirements.
You will have strong skills in critical thinking, analysis and documentation as well as demonstrating excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Prior, relevant experience is a must.
Willing to travel across the U.S. and to Boston, subject to any COVID restrictions.
Preferred experience: - Experience working with
Data pipelines
Data masking
Denormalization
Warehousing
Lumeon Benefits & Perks
Competitive healthcare, dental and vision plans or allowance for those who opt out of our medical plan.
Flexible work environments
Manager support for well-being
3 weeks PTO, plus 5 sick days
4 Care days for personal, family or community care
10 paid holidays
Pre-tax commuting options
401(k) with 5% match
3 months paid maternity leave (fully paid 10 weeks for giving birth & fully paid 2 weeks for bonding with a new born or child adoption)
Life and AD&D insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible Spending Account
Voluntary
Supplemental life and AD&D insurance
Legal assistance
Accident insurance
Critical illness insurance
Hospital indemnity insurance
Lumeon is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants and employees will be considered for employment without regard to ethnicity, color, national origin, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family or parental status, veteran status, neurodiversity status, disability status or any other basis protected by applicable law."
65	30+ days ago	Qventus	Data Platform Engineer	"The Company

Have you ever found yourself or a loved one waiting hours and hours in a hospital Emergency Room to get care? Or have you ever had a surgery scheduled for months in the future that needed to happen sooner? Unfortunately, our healthcare system is full of these types of operational problems. Our work saves lives and helps hospitals cut tens of millions of dollars in operational costs, while improving the quality of care they’re able to deliver.

Qventus is a real-time decision making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively.

Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic.
The Role

Qventus is looking for Data Platform Engineers to help build the next generation of our data platform. The Data Platform team acts as stewards for Qventus’ data. We stream hospital EMR to our core warehouses in real time, build out curated data layers to power our Healthcare AI, design and build patterns to ensure the security of patient (HIPAA) data and overall ensure Qventus data users have the tools they need to explore and power the Qventus product at scale and cost to improve the lives of patients and doctors across the country.
As a Data Platform Engineer, you will contribute to and build on a large area of components that make up the Qventus data platform. You will be comfortable building and working on cross-functional initiatives with technical and non-technical partners - from database tuning, to diving in on Data Science feature development, to scaling services to support company expansion within the healthcare space (and HIPAA restrictions). You will be motivated and excited to grow, learn, and have an impact on the team and in the company and to improve the quality of healthcare operations.
Key Responsibilities
Work closely with partners to build, tune, and improve the end-to-end workflow of data users at
Qventus (incl. designing data structures, building and scheduling data transformation pipelines, improving access to critical data assets etc.).
Improve the data quality and transparency of the pipelines (defining data requirements and data flow visibility - lineage, sources, transformations).
Support highly scalable backend systems and algorithms to process massive amounts of complex, high dimensionality, high cardinality data.
Collaborate with team members to develop, test, deploy, and operate high quality, scalable software and uphold engineering standards.
Key Qualifications
Demonstrated experience in data modeling and transformation pipeline design and experience building for data science and analytics partner needs.
Excellent SQL with a communicable understanding of optimization and best practices.
2+ years of professional experience working with modern programming languages such as Java, C/C++, Python.
Dedication to high code quality - writing understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability.
Interest and ability in learning and working in a fast paced dynamic environment across multiple technologies
Nice to have
Experience building and maintaining robust and efficient backend data systems with functional proficiency with AWS cloud services & modern data warehouse services (Snowflake).
Strong cross-functional communication - ability to break down complex technical components for technical and non-technical partners alike.
Practical hands on experience with:
Building large-scale, high complexity metrics and monitoring
ELK, DBT, Snowflake, AWS, Terraform, Looker, Ansible experience.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, or equivalent training / experience
Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/"
66	18 days ago	Raytheon Technologies Corporate	Machine Learning Engineer	"Businesses Raytheon Technologies Corporate
Job ID 01449741
Most Recent Date Posted 05/14/2021
City Brooklyn
State New York
Country United States
Date Posted:
2021-05-13-07:00
Country:
United States of America
Location:
UTNB1: Corp - Brooklyn NY 55 Water St, Brooklyn, NY, 11201 USA
Position:
We are seeking a highly motivated Machine Learning Engineer to join the Raytheon Technologies’ Digital Accelerator in Brooklyn, NY. Working very closely with the Data Science team, you will play an active role in designing and building Machine Learning tools and products leveraged throughout the company. Our ML Team builds tools used by data scientists that support vital segments of the company. Some projects include: predicting part failures on the industrial products we build (from jet engines to radar units to compressors used in space), project manufacturing demand, or models to help with airplane fleet management. This role requires an expert level Python Software Engineer, well versed in scientific and mathematical libraries (scipy, numpy, pandas, scikit-learn) along with an understanding of learning algorithms and the SDLC.
This position will provide the unique opportunity to operate in a start-up-like environment within a Fortune 50 company. Our digital focus is geared towards releasing the insights inherent in Raytheon Technologies best-in-class products and services. Together we aim to achieve new levels of productivity by changing the way we work and identifying new sources of growth for our customers.
Job Responsibilities
Design, Write and deploy well-crafted and well-tested Python in support of Machine Learning products and tools across company
Collaborate with Data Scientists to build requirements for data science tool and optimization libraries
Work closely with Data Scientists on algorithm development and deployment of Machine Learning models in production
Monitor and Maintain tool and models in production
Collaborate with Product and Business Stakeholders on requirements and priorities.
Work with QA and DevOps engineers to deploy high quality, well tested, resilient code.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Practice disciplined software engineering (e.g. automated testing, code reviews, and writing beautiful, pragmatic code)
Actively contribute to team and company standards
Mentor junior team members
Qualifications:
5+ years hands-on Python development experience or 3+ years with Advanced Degree (STEM field)
A solid understanding of scientific python ecosystem (scipy, numpy, pandas, scikit-learn)
Experience in Agile, Git, application containerization, continuous integration/deployment
Experience in MLOPs
An understanding of learning algorithms and ML libraries like PyTorch and Tensorflow are a nice to have
Experience working with Data Science and machine learning models
Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with the ability to well work in cross functional teams
Motivated self-starter with a strong enthusiasm to learn
Results-oriented with strong communication and customer focus
Possesses a flexible attitude and is willing to work with a range of technologies and languages with an open mind and without bias.
A constant learner, actively interested in updating skill sets and knowledge, following trends and Papers in the Machine Learning community
Location: Brooklyn NY, Atlanta GA, or Remote
Work Authorization: US Citizen or US Person Required
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms

Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
67	5 days ago	New Relic	Senior Data Analyst - Data OS - Remote	"Your Opportunity
We seek a problem solver who will transform how we use data to understand, take action, and optimize the overall customer experience for our Account Based demand generation strategy. Our new Senior Data Analyst will complement and cross-train other Analysts who own Customer data areas in Sales, Product, and Support analytics.
New Relic’s Data OS team combines skills in Data Science, Data Engineering, and Web App Development to build a scalable data platform, use-case-driven data applications, and data-driven customer-facing experiences. Tackling an exceptionally diverse set of data sources and use cases, we build algorithms, models, and impactful statistics to serve our 17,000+ customers!
This role is based out of our beautiful San Francisco office, but we are open to remote employees in approved locations who will work West Coast hours.
What You’ll Do
Perform exploratory data analysis to inform business decisions
Work closely with data engineers/scientists to automate the collection/analysis of raw data for models
Analyze experimental and observational data, presenting findings and insights
Routinely write efficient, legible, and well-commented SQL, building meaningful self-service dashboards for internal customers
Partner with business owners across the company (marketing, product, finance, sales, engineering, etc.) to extract and analyze data from large data tables using SQL, Excel, Python, or R, translating findings into actions.
Your Qualifications
Must-have:
3-4 years of SQL experience, writing sophisticated queries
2+ years of experience communicating analytical findings to executives
Experience with some dataset types or specific tools, such as CRM (Salesforce / Gainsight), Attribution (Full Circle), Clickstream (Segment.io / Google Analytics), Email (Marketo / Intercom / Mailchimp)
Able to communicate data and analysis to a non-technical audience
Nice-to-have:
Knowledge of Growth metrics and use of SaaS Pirate metrics, calculations, and definitions (AARRR)
Python/R/ SAS/SPSS experience
Experience as a user of Salesforce, Tableau, Periscope Data, Looker, Mode Analytics, JIRA (tickets), Airflow (Data ETL), Google Analytics / Adwords, MixPanel, Kissmetrics, Amplitude, Heap, Optimizely, Marketo, Intercom, Drift
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
We're looking for bold and passionate people to be a part of our mission to create more perfect software. We'd love to have you apply, even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement. What's most important to us is finding authentic and accountable people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.
About Us
New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud-based observability platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud-based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place.
Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award-winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.
Our Hiring Process
New Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification.
We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.
New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy

#LI-BK1"
68	30+ days ago	Stage 4 Solutions, inc.	Data Analyst - Machine Learning Modeling	"We are looking for a Data Analyst to work in the Marketing team of a global B2B high tech company. This role will work in the digital analytics and optimization team to build machine learning models and provide ad-hoc analyses to support the digital marketing organization. We are looking for a technical/business savvy candidate who is passionate about mining big data, turning data into insights.


This is a 12-month, 40 hour per week role. Remote in the US.


This is a w-2 role as a Stage 4 Solutions’ employee. Health benefits and 401K offered.


Responsibilities include:

 Build Machine Learning Models to analyze and predict and optimize digital marketing activities

 Build, communicate, and maintain a suite of dashboards and reports to track digital acquisition key performance indicators against benchmarks/goals.

 Leverage reporting suite and other analytics tools to support recurring marketing business reviews as well as deep-dive ad-hoc analyses of post-campaign performance to put forward hypotheses and recommendations for future initiatives and programs.

 Develop and improve predictive models to optimize digital acquisition efficiency and ROI

 Run ad-hoc “what if scenarios” and simulations based on models and evaluate media plans

Required Qualifications :

 3+ years’ hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set

 Advanced knowledge of SQL, Excel, Python queries

 Strong critical thinking/analytical mindset. The ideal candidate will not take assumptions, data, or conclusions at face value. Instead, he/she will dig-in, validate, analyze, and always seek to not only answer the question at hand, but also anticipate and address the hidden questions that may follow.

 Experience with one or more business intelligence/data visualization tools is preferred (Snowflake, Google Big Query, etc)

 Bachelor's degree"
69	30+ days ago	Pluralsight	Senior Machine Learning Engineer	"This position is also available for employment in these areas:
Draper UT, Remote - USA
Job Description:
Pluralsight is hiring a Senior Machine Learning Engineer in our Draper, UT office. The role can also be US-based remote.
The Opportunity
In this role you will be a part of a product development team that delivers personalized experiences to Pluralsight's learners. You'll help our learners discover content that is relevant to their interests and goals, provide them with a homepage tailored just to their needs, and ensure they are receiving the right communication and assistance with their learning journey at the right time. You’ll be a part of a team that is user focused, has a mentality for experimentation, and iterates quickly. As an experienced machine learning engineer, your expertise will be vital to solving sophisticated problems and building the algorithms and frameworks that accelerate our personalization capabilities.
Who you are committed to being:
Some of the technologies that we love are: Python 3, Tensorflow, Airflow, Kafka, Typescript, Express, PostgreSQL, AWS, Kubernetes, Dask
Attention to detail - we want to be proud of our work
Test Driven Development - We maintain a suite of good tests for all production code.
Pair programming as well as individual with code reviews - we value collaborative development
Continuous Delivery - teams independently ship code to prod every day
Agile - we reduce the time to learn by having short feedback loops
Continual improvement - we take time to sharpen the saw and adjust how we work
Autonomous & responsible teams - we’re empowered to make our own product and development decisions to do the job
Cross-functional teams - collaborating through all phases of the product dev process
Customer research - we build what our customers actually want
Leaders who trust- teams build without top-down feature requirements
What you’ll own:
Develop robust, scalable production machine learning algorithms and recommendation systems. Evaluate trade-offs and do performance tuning for production traffic.
Work closely with Data Scientists to take prototype algorithms and models and turn them into customer-facing solutions.
Use your engineering expertise to help build solutions to novel problems in software development, data engineering, and machine learning.
Provide technical leadership and mentoring to more junior MLEs, knowing both when to step back and when to step in.
Build data pipelines. Transform and convert data streams into structures needed for algorithm input.
Collaborate with Product Managers and UX Designers to better understand the customer, provide valuable input into functional design and usability
Evaluate the efficiency of user experiences and ML algorithms, determining what data is needed and how to collect it, with an understanding of how these metrics are connected the desired outcomes
Apply your experience to make intelligent, forward-thinking, technical decisions to our development process, including implementing new standards, tools, APIs, and workflows.
Experience you'll need:
You have a passion to use machine learning to deliver product personalization at scale and the skills to go with it.
You have several years of experience building production machine learning systems services as part of a product development team, ideally in the context of recommendations and/or personalization.
You have worked in a collaborative development environment and have experience with continuous integration and delivery.
You are a strong Python developer, know your way around TensorFlow, and have a proficiency in data structures and database fundamentals. Experience with Node and Typescript are helpful.
You have a solid base in Computer Science and Math, and an understanding of the fundamentals of Machine Learning. Regardless of your formal training, you get excited on reading up on modern machine learning techniques and applications.
You care about writing good code and building great software. You understand the trade-offs when we have to move faster, but you know what quality means and how to get there when we need to.
You are comfortable moving up and down the stack. It matters less that you know the exact frameworks and tools that we use, but you must be willing and able to learn very quickly. We also mean full stack across other functions - you should be excited to understand the entire business and learn from customers.
You are good at breaking down sophisticated features into smaller more manageable tasks. You have the ability to explain machine learning solutions to developers and other team members, regardless of their technical background.
#LI-LW
#LI-Remote"
70	5 days ago	Zoom Video Communications, Inc.	Engineering Leader - Machine Learning	"Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
You will be part of a team whose focus is to solve cutting edge AI problems and deploying models that constantly advance the state-of-the-art. You will be working across various NLP areas like STT, translation, summarization, sentiment analysis, TTS, and other interesting challenges that are challenging at Zoom's scale. You will be one of the founding members of the team, you will have a unique opportunity to start from scratch and drive the direction of our products.
Ensure the ML team meets the needs of our internal and external customers and scale robust ML models.
Lead and grow a team of exceptional ML Engineers, focusing on enhancing, measuring, and recognizing performance
Drive the technical and organizational roadmap for the ML Engineering team
Facilitate and participate in the preparation of ML data sets
Guide the ML Engineer team in implementing fine tuning of models
Provides leadership in advanced engineering, ML science and analytics in the development of current or future products or technologies
Qualifications
3+ years of experience managing a ML team with Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related field
Lead and grow a team of exceptional ML Engineers, focusing on enhancing, measuring, and recognizing performance
Hands on experience in Machine learning tools and techniques
Track record of setting roadmaps, priorities and measuring the progress in achieving them
Experience with one or more of the following: Speech, translation, text understanding, classification, ranking systems or similar
Proven familiarity with NLP approaches like W2V or Bert, which includes identifying the right KPIs and objective functions
Familiarity with large-scale data processing and distributed systems
Proven mathematical knowledge; understanding of machine learning, statistics
Bonus Qualifications
Experience framework such as MLflow, Kubeflow, Airflow, Seldon Core, TFServing etc
Experience in distributed training and performance optimization on GPU’s
Expertise in crafting Data Models for high performance and scalability
Autoscaling, containers, performance tuning and optimization
Experience with Deep Learning for NLP
Strong verbal and written communication skills"
71	30+ days ago	SageSure	Senior Data Analyst	"SageSure is seeking an adept Data Analyst responsible for gathering, analyzing, and transforming data from a wealth of sources. This role is responsible for proactively gleaning insights relative to key performance drivers. A successful candidate will be flexible, discerning, and able to clearly and effectively communicate with a variety of stakeholders.
What you'll be doing:
Maintain the reporting tools that support day-to-day productivity management to achieve revenue targets
Take an ownership role for data accuracy and integrity across the reporting interfaces
Manage additions and modifications in products and processes which impact the data definitions cataloged in the Operating Analytics Repository
Leverage data from a variety of sources to analyze performance, identify areas of opportunity, and provide actionable insights to operations leaders and front-line team members, entrenching the team as indispensable insight drivers
Design and conduct extensive analysis of performance trends and communicate findings to ensure proper resources are allocated, expectations are met, and optimal results are delivered
Design and conduct ad hoc analysis to enable fact-based decision making
Other job-related duties as requested
We're looking for someone who has:
3+ years of experience in an analytical role (analysis, information science, data visualization or other relevant quantitative fields)
Bachelor’s degree or related field experience, preferably in the insurance industry
Demonstrated ability to work with large datasets and tell a story using the data
Self-starter that adapts well to change and works well in cross-functional teams/projects
Strong problem solving, planning, quality control, and customer service skills
Solid verbal and written communication skills with all levels of management
Ability to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner
Expert level proficiency in SQL, relational databases and building decision support models Advanced Excel knowledge including: advanced formula creation using compound Mathematic, Logical, Text and Reference formulas as well as conditional formatting
Advanced Pivot Table skills including: template automation, design best-practices, and calculated fields
Advanced experience with DOMO, Microsoft Power BI, or other visualization tools
If shaping the future of an industry sounds exciting, you’ll love working at SageSure! A 2020 Best Places to Work in Insurance recipient, SageSure is a managing general underwriter leader and insurance technology innovator serving disaster-prone areas. That means we sell insurance through our proprietary technology platform in places other insurance companies won’t do business. Our success in delivering coverage in America’s most challenging markets is the result of our strategic focus to understand and adequately price risk. We offer 40+ products in 14 states, serving more than 350,000 policyholders while managing more than $600 million in written premium. We have eight office locations—Jersey City, NJ; Atlanta, GA; Chicago, IL; Tallahassee, FL; Cincinnati, OH; Houston, TX; Mt. Laurel, NJ; and Cheshire, CT—as well as numerous remote employees across the country.
We provide generous health benefits and perks, including tuition reimbursement, wellness allowance, paid volunteer time off, a matching 401K plan and more. SageSure fosters inclusion, creating an environment where everyone can bring their whole self to work. We’re energetic, forward-thinking problem solvers; come join our team! For more information on SageSure opportunities, visit www.sagesure.com/careers/.
SageSure is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, gender identity, national origin or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws."
72	30+ days ago	Cart.com	Machine Learning Engineer	"About Us:
Cart.com is an ecommerce software, services, and brand holding company on a mission to democratize ecommerce and give digital merchants the freedom to grow. We are integrating all the pieces of the ecommerce value chain brands need to thrive, creating a truly end-to-end Ecommerce-as-a-Service platform that helps third party brands (and a few of our own) move faster, grow later, and deliver on their promises more completely.
Job Summary:
The data science team at Cart.com is a centralized team that reports directly to the CEO and is responsible for all things data, analytics, and ML /AI of Cart.com. The team consists of Cloud Architects, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, Data Scientists, ML Engineers, and Data Viz specialists. It is our team's mission to disrupt longstanding players in the value chain of ecommerce by designing a distributed network of capabilities that are 10x cheaper, 10x more convenient, and 10x better.
Requirements:
Engineer machine learning and analytics products into the Cart.com platform - including but not limited to the domains of marketing, merchandising, site personalization, logistics, and supply chain
Step in and manage all components of the ML life cycle, when needed - design, develop, evaluate, deploy, serve, monitor, and maintain
Partner with cloud architects and data engineers to design any and all requirements that are needed for your ML products
Heavy usage of Python and other capabilities, as needed, in order to develop products that are robust and scale to the thousands of current customers within the Cart.com ecosystem
Help in the contribution and construction of the product roadmap including design and testing of POC products
Push the boundaries of what is believed to be possible with respect to personal growth and technology to ensure the success of our team and the customers of Cart.com
Provide, promote, and accept feedback and guidance (from all levels) to promote a culture of continuous improvement, collaboration, and shared knowledge within a geographically dispersed and cross-functional team
Requirements:
2+ years of relevant experience Experience with retail and/or e-commerce - preferred
Proven experience in programming languages, namely Python - preferred Familiarity with core ML foundational algorithms - specifically including all unsupervised and supervised learning
Familiarity with the deployment of ML products inside production environments
Experience leveraging CI/CD Solid understanding of Git and its proper usage within a decentralized software development team Bachelor's / Master’s / PhD degree in STEM - preferred but not required
Our Core Values
These aren’t just buried somewhere in an employee manual. We live and breathe them. They’re on the walls and live in our hearts. They come up constantly in conversations and actions. They govern the decisions of the newest hire all the way up to our CEO:
1. We are obsessed with brands
2. We think beyond the box
3. We don't give up
4. We speak up
5. We work together
6. We are human
Cart.com is deeply committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to identify and onboard people from all walks of life. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds."
73	30+ days ago	Loom	Senior Data Scientist, Acquisition	"About Loom
Loom is on a mission to empower everyone at work to communicate more effectively, wherever they are. We are already trusted by over 10M users across 120k+ companies. Our customers are global and use Loom at work at world-class companies including Netflix, HubSpot, Atlassian, Juniper Networks, and Twitter.
Founded in 2015, Loom has raised over $200 million from top-tier investors including Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins, Coatue, and Andreessen Horowitz.
The Role:
We’re looking to add a Senior Data Scientist to our growing Data team to help us measure the impact of our Acquisition initiatives (Marketing and Sales) and identify growth and optimization opportunities to unlock the next stage of Loom’s growth.

We have rich, complex datasets and our team performs a wide variety of analytical tasks, ranging from conducting ad-hoc research, creating dashboards, building funnels, designing and evaluating tests, crafting complex database queries and ETL pipelines, and developing sophisticated predictive models. The ideal candidate will be data-driven, intellectually curious, and a clear communicator.
Your Responsibilities
Measure the impact of Acquisition initiatives (Marketing & Sales) and identify growth and optimization opportunities
Partner with Marketing and Sales teams to provide data support through dashboards, analyses and adhoc requests
Design and develop core business metrics, create insightful automated dashboards (and the necessary data pipelines) and data visualization to track progress
Build marketing attribution to understand where users are coming from, ROI on campaigns and lifetime value model to inform customer acquisition costs
Proactively derive data insights and turn them into growth recommendations, communicate results and learnings to the rest of the team
Develop a thorough understanding of traffic, funnels, conversion rates and user behavior using large clickstream event data (from web and mobile apps)
What We're Looking For
5+ years of experience in a data science or analytics role turning data into insights and recommendations
Strong analytical and communication skills with the ability to synthesize insights into compelling stories
Experience with marketing attribution, lifetime value and churn prediction models
Good business sense, marketing, sales and acquisition domain knowledge
Proficiency in SQL (Snowflake, Postgres) - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Experience with a statistical scripting language (e.g. R or Python)
Experience with a Business Intelligence tool (e.g. Tableau or Mode)
Experience with Google Analytics and the underlying data in BigQuery is a plus
Experience with ETL tools such as Airflow or DBT is a plus
A Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field or higher
Perks at Loom
Competitive compensation and equity package
99% company paid medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees and dependents (for US employees)
Flexible Spending Account (FSA) and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (DCFSA)
Healthcare reimbursement (for International employees)
Life, AD&D, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
401(k) with 4% company matching
Professional development reimbursement
Mental health and wellness reimbursement
Gym reimbursement
Unlimited PTO
Paid parental leave
Remote work opportunities
Home office & technology reimbursement
Loom = Equal Opportunity Employer
We are actively seeking to create a diverse work environment because teams are stronger with different perspectives and experiences.
We value a diverse workplace and encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, older members of society, and others from minority groups and diverse backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All employees and contractors of Loom are responsible for maintaining a work culture free from discrimination and harassment by treating others with kindness and respect."
74	30+ days ago	Southern New Hampshire University	Data Analyst - Digital Platforms	"The Data Analyst is a member of the Digital Platforms team and will interact with members of our operational teams across the enterprise to support the business needs of each department. The Data Analyst with work closely with the Analytics group to develop and maintain operational metrics as well as provide analysis that lead to business improvements and an enhanced student experience. Significant time will be dedicated to reporting within the CRM system. The Data Analyst will research and analyze trends in order to provide actionable recommendations and drive strategic initiatives. They will prioritize report requests, communicate updates, and provide direct support to operational teams. They will assist with and support continuous process redesign to improve accuracy and efficiency while embracing Southern New Hampshire University’s culture and brand values.
Essential duties and responsibilities of this position include:
Partner with the business (Marketing, Student Experience Teams, ITS) to design, develop, and deliver reports and dashboards
Plan and perform data-related scoping, requirements definition and prioritization activities using appropriately selected methods and tools.
Assist with developing and maintaining CRM reporting governance, enabling the business to self-serve
Partner in the delivery of CRM solutions that use artificial intelligence & machine learning
Collaborate with other analysts to ensure data congruency and streamline reporting efforts
Extract data from extensive relational databases while ensuring accuracy and integrity of data
Support Product Owners with researching and documenting User Stories by providing pertinent data
Identify, document, and work to rectify limitations in data sources and data delivery
Assist in the development of cubes/data marts as well as projection, forecast, and capacity models
Analyze data to deliver actionable insights, identify opportunities, and assess causality
Assist in the rapid and thorough resolution of production issues
Participate in release note reviews for software upgrades to identify reporting opportunities and risks
Commencement and/or commencement related activities may be required
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Job duties and responsibilities can change at any time, with or without notice.
Minimum Qualifications:
Typically requires bachelor's or master's degree and at least 2-4 years relevant experience. Relevant experience should include 2-4 years practical experience applying data analysis to solve complex problems in a quantitative, data driven environment. Experience should reflect successful demonstration of strong analytical skills and the ability to visually present data in a consumable format, along with business skills, technical skills, people skills (collaborative, team player) and soft-skills (learning agility, effective communicator, results-oriented.) Experience in lieu of degree acceptable.
Specialized knowledge:
Solid understanding of the information lifecycle and concepts such as KPI, BPM, Workflow, Search & Retrieval
Familiar with project management methodologies (predictive, agile)
Deep understanding of data sources, delivery options, database structures and query tools
Deep understanding of data analysis, data management, analytics modeling and operationalization
Understanding of data governance, data quality and data security standards
Understanding of business context and objectives which drive data/reporting/analytics requirements
Working knowledge of AI/ML algorithms
Skills:
Advanced report and dashboard design and development skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills enabling clear communication of complex concepts to target audience
Solid teamwork, collaboration and interpersonal skills
Highly effective analytical and complex problem-solving skills
Skilled in documenting data/reporting/analytics requirements specifications
Strong proficiency in SQL and BI tools
Strong proficiency in Microsoft tools such as Excel, Powerpoint
Abilities:
Ability to collect, understand and prioritize user requirements
Ability to think cross-functionally and identify potential impacts across systems
Ability to collaborate with and balance the needs of diverse team members (e.g. stakeholders, end users, developers, etc.) to design reporting solutions which meet business needs
Ability to interact confidently with constituents at all levels of the organization
Other characteristics:
Intellectual curiosity and strong attention to detail
Demonstrable leadership (e.g. initiative, judgement) in carrying out all core responsibilities
Strong sense of accountability and ownership
Ability to adapt to change and work in fast-paced environment
Flexibility and cultural sensitivity to work effectively with offshore teams and others who work in different time zones
Excellent time management, organizational and personal effectiveness skills
Exhibits SNHU core competencies consistent with “Growing You” - Learner/Client Focus, Value Differences, Instill Trust, Lead Self, Critical Thinking, Effective Communications, Growth Mindset, Team Player, Drive for Results
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in related field preferred
3-5 years of experience with customer outreach strategies preferred
Experience with Power BI, ServiceNow, and Salesforce preferred
Business domain expertise in areas of CRM, marketing, student experience
Experience working with AI/ML products
Work Hours:

Typically Monday through Friday, 8:00am to 4:30pm with flexibility to meet business demands as needed.
A background check is required for employment. Please submit a cover letter, in addition to your resume, with your application.
Why Join SNHU?

Ours is a dynamic environment where innovation is encouraged—and ideas are welcomed. We believe in one another’s potential, and we focus on creating a positive community where collaboration, belonging, and growth are valued.

SNHU employees are a team in every sense. Separately, we understand that each individual brings unique experiences, perspectives, and ideas to create a vibrant work environment. Together we share common values of honesty, acceptance, and accountability working as a unified force toward a common goal: to transform the lives of learners.

As a global leader in education, we strive for a workforce that reflects the individual differences of our learning community. We believe that our employees can be their best selves when they can be their true selves. Therefore, we are committed to cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion in which all of our employees feel welcomed, valued, and empowered. We’re proud to have been recognized as a Great College to Work for by the Chronicle of Higher Education every year since its

inception.

By joining our team, you join us in our vision. Together, we’ll shape the future of education by transforming lives—beginning with yours."
75	30+ days ago	ICF	Survey Statistician	"Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. ICF’s Survey Research Practice works regularly with federal and state government, nonprofit, for-profit, and academic clients such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Cancer Institute, the National Science Foundation, multiple state and city health departments, and multiple health nonprofits. The position will be involved in cutting-edge survey research addressing many of today’s pressing public health, energy, and scientific development challenges. If you are seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
Safety of our employees are our top priority, due to current COVID-19 safety measures, employees who can work from home, are required to do so. Once it is safe to resume standard practices of commuter travel and social interaction per government guidelines, we expect employees to maintain an office presence as required by projects needs and management leadership.
Job Description:
ICF’s Data Management and Statistics team (within ICF’s Survey Research Practice) is seeking a Survey Statistician to provide sampling, weighting and statistical analysis support on a range of projects including public health, housing, military and veteran’s issues, energy, transportation, environment, and social and economic policy.
Successful candidates should have experience in sampling and weighting for complex survey designs across various data collection methodologies (mail, web, CATI, etc.). They should also be an experienced statistical programmer in SAS and comfortable cleaning and reviewing data for analysis and producing written technical documentation. Additionally, they will also have experience independently conducting statistical analyses using univariate, bivariate (e.g., Chi-squared, t-test, etc.) and multivariate analysis (e.g., logistic regression), and calculating survey estimates accounting for sample design.
Key Responsibilities:
Survey Statistics and Analysis:
Support the design of sampling approaches that balance precision and cost
Experience developing efficient solutions to complex sampling problems.
Experience drawing stratified and clustered samples
Perform nonresponse analysis and calculated nonresponse adjustments
Perform literature reviews to understand current approaches and implement new approaches
Statistical Programming
Import, clean, and transform data for sampling and weighting
Perform survey sampling techniques (e.g., simple random samples, stratified samples, and Multi-staged samples).
Calculate survey weights
Conduct statistical analysis on data that uses complex survey designs and generation of reports
Consulting:
Work closely with project managers, clients, and stakeholders
Help transform client requests into technical specifications
Explain complex concepts to wide range of audiences
Work in a collaborative environment with colleagues from a diverse background
Contribute to and support development of competitive proposals and other technical writing products
 Basic Qualifications:
Completed Master’s degree program in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Public Health, or other relevant statistical or social science field
At least 3-5 years of applied and demonstrable experience as a survey statistician
Strong knowledge of SAS is required (SAS certifications are a plus!).
Knowledge of Microsoft Office products or other document editing software
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills as it relates to frame development and sampling
Ability to communicate with internal and external clients at all levels to obtain or clarify project requirements
Strong interest in survey research
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with other statistical programming or scripting languages (R, SPSS, Stata, Python)
Professional Skills :
Excellent written and oral communications skills
Strong organizational skills
Detail-oriented
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong intellectual curiosity
Team-oriented
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Rockville, MD (MD18)"
76	7 days ago	Degreed	Product Manager, Skills Data	"US BASED REMOTE /PRODUCT – PRODUCT MANAGEMENT /FULL-TIME

Degreed is the upskilling platform that connects learning to opportunities. We integrate everything people use to learn and build their careers—skill insights, LMSs, courses, videos, articles, and projects—and match everyone to growth opportunities that fit their unique skills, roles, and goals.
We're expanding our product team and are looking for an experienced Product Manager to join us to help solve the great skill problems for our clients. In this role, you will be the primary product manager for how skills data will be leveraged and managed as part of our LXP, Career Mobility and our Skills product.
The Skills Data team will spearhead synthesizing data from all our skills integrations, inferring skills signals from multiple sources, working with the data science organization to productize new models and features and owning our Skills I/O that helps organizations manage and evolve their skills taxonomies.
This role reports to the Director, Product Management.
Day In The Life
Develop and manage product roadmap for the team
Collect, organize and prioritize feature requests for all of our internal functions: Engineering, Customer Success, Sales, and Marketing
Collect and analyze insights from the market, customers, and users to enable us to make better product decisions
Act as product owner on our agile product development team
Distribute product knowledge amongst our internal teams - especially Sales and Customer Success
Work with leadership to establish a scalable roadmap process to balance long-term product strategy with our business goals
Who You Are
3+ years of experience as a Product Manager
1+ years in technology, data modelling, and graph databases
1+ years using ""jobs-to-be-done"" (or similar) as a structured approach to uncovering user needs
What Will Set You Apart
Ability to communicate ideas, processes and solutions clearly and effectively to teams
Experience as a data scientist or delivering machine learning/artificial intelligence products to market
Motivated by team success, you’re a supportive person who’s eager to engage and collaborate
Knowledge of enterprise learning and HR information systems a plus
Total Rewards at Degreed
We believe your best work happens when you have a complete life balance, and Degreed gives you the support and flexibility to make that happen. Degreed is committed to delivering a comprehensive benefits program that provides the support you need. At the time of this posting, this role is eligible to participate in the following benefits:
- Comprehensive health insurance for you and your family (both PPO and HDHP plans available)
- Dental and vision plans for you and your family
- Employer-paid life insurance, AD&D, short-term disability, and long-term disability
- Company equity
- 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with up to 4% match
- Company funded HSA and dependent care FSA (pending eligibility)
- Generous Parental Leave
- Unlimited Paid Time Off and 5 sick days per year
- Education benefit: Up to $1,200 per year for anything you want to learn (and we mean anything)!
- One-time Home Office Stipend to make your workspace more comfortable
- Monthly internet and phone stipend
- Monthly wellness stipend through Twic
Degreed reserves the right to modify these benefits at any time, for any reason in accordance with applicable law. Please note the offerings vary based on location.
Work Environment & Physical Demands
Degreed is a remote-first company, however our roles are open to in-office or flex work if you live in a city with a physical office location (when it is safe to return to the office). This role has the opportunity to operate 100% virtually from your home office. We primarily collaborate with our US and International colleagues through virtual meetings (Zoom), email, and Slack. In this role, you will be required to operate a lap computer (PC or Mac available), computer software platforms, and other office productivity machinery as necessary. Due to the nature of this role, you must be able to remain stationary for extended periods, and must be able to observe and interpret written and/or verbal communication.
Additional Information
Degreed provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
We are committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Degreed will provide reasonable accommodations to all qualified individuals with disabilities to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at peopleops@degreed.com to request an accommodation.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Degreed uses the E-Verify employment verification program.
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required."
77	30+ days ago	3M	Machine Learning Quality Assurance Lead	"Job Description:
Machine Learning Quality Assurance Lead
Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 96,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
“A long-lasting career at 3M comes from having vision, imagination and the ability to see what doesn’t exist. 3Mers are groundbreaking innovators and it’s important that we give every person the space for disruptive and creative thinking.” – John Banovetz, senior vice president and chief technology officer at 3M
This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.
The Impact You’ll Make in this Role

As a Machine Learning Quality Assurance Lead you will be a part of a team developing world-class processes and tools integrating machine learning and statistical computing into everyday business critical operations ranging from inventory optimization to omnichannel marketing optimization. You will play a critical role in architecting & developing cloud solutions that employ the latest machine learning and AI technologies. You will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world. Here, you will make an impact by:
Collaborating to define & invent quality assurance environments with testing strategies for proprietary software systems
Innovating at the intersection of statistics, AI, and complex systems optimization
Working with cross-functional business and technical teams to apply your unique skills to drive new to the world data science capabilities and drive business results.
Your Skills and Expertise

To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and three (3) years of applied ML in a private, public, government or military environment OR Highschool Diploma (equivalent) (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and Six (6) years of applied ML in a private, public, government or military environment
Experience with instrumentation and performance profiling of ML models with large memory requirements and tight response tolerances in a private, public, government or military environment
Experience with data augmentation, synthetic data, and similar techniques for improving model quality and testing scalability in a private, public, government or military environment
Familiarity with common metrics for ML quality such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1-score, AUC, ROC, etc.
Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
Good understanding of probability and statistics and their applications to AI/ML software quality evaluation
Experience deploying blackbox and automated testing strategies
Experience employing statistical computing/data science toolsets including R and Python
Experience in the testing of enterprise-grade ML platforms
Knowledge and experience with different types of testing strategies
Completed graduate course(s) in statistical computing, machine learning, advanced experimental design, and multivariate analysis
Experience with Multi-armed bandit (MAB) problem space
Travel: May include up to 5% domestic/international
Relocation Assistance: May be Authorized
Location: Maplewood, MN and may consider remote U.S. work location
Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
Supporting Your Well-being
3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
Resources for You
For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement

Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms."
78	30+ days ago	MSC Industrial Supply	Sr. Data Scientist-Remote	"Build a better career with MSC.
Serving customer and community starts with the very best people doing their very best work. That is precisely what we have at MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. Watch HERE to find out why you should work at MSC and join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace.
Requisition ID : 5550
Employment Type : Full Time
Job Category : Information Technology
Work Location : Davidson, NC (CSC)
State or Province : North Carolina (US-NC)
Potential Work Location : United States : North Carolina : Davidson


JOB TITLE: Sr. Data Scientist-REMOTE OPPORTUNITY

BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY:
At MSC, we are growing our Analytics team and investing in forward-thinking BI and Data Analytics solutions. As we build out the team, we are looking for a smart and innovative leader who is self-sufficient and thrives in ambiguity, has experience in Analytics, and can drive results across MSC bridging business and technical areas. This is an opportunity to be a part of a special milestone, help us build the future of Analytics at MSC, and ignite a data-driven culture.
The Data Scientist will identify business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. With the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas where our business partners need support to leverage data in a meaningful way to mitigate risk, reduce costs, and identify or create new growth opportunities such as Customer Churn, Upsell/Crosssell, Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling.
This role is responsible for architecting and building pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for focused business problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of MSC's growing data ecosystem. Data Scientists also need communication skills to work across departments to understand what business leaders want to learn/gain from the company’s data assets. Additionally, this role will have direct reports in their squad consisting of on and offshore team members.

DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provides technical leadership and guidance in advanced analytics solutions as well as:
o Partner swith internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making.
o Collaborates with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions.
o Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance.
o Defines, computes, tracks, and continuously validate business metrics with diagnostic, predictive, prescriptive analytics.
o Architects, builds and maintains data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models.
o Mentors others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions.
o Communicates final recommendations and drive decision making.
Stays current with latest cloud technologies, patterns, and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key stakeholders. May be required to present ideas to larger audience for review and buy-in.Drives the MSC Culture in the department and throughout the company to ensure fulfillment of MSC’s vision and unity of purpose.Participation in special projects and performs additional duties as required

INDICATES ESSENTIAL DUTIES
To perform this job successfully an associate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, experience level and abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree required. Master’s degree preferred.
Minimum five years of experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia required.
Minimum five years of experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python required.
Minimum three years of experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling required.
Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2 required.
Experience with data visualization libraries such as D3, Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2 required.
Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques required.
Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis required.
Experience writing testable code and shipping code into production required.
Experience with DevOps process (exposure to GitHub, Jenkins or other CI/CD tools) required.
Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano preferred.

SKILLS:
Strong Knowledge about Agile techniques: User Stories, Continuous Integration, Test Driven Development, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Burn Down Metrics, Velocity etc.
Strong knowledge of software development processes and procedures to understand team needs includes fundamentals of iterative and incremental development
Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools from at least one toolset (e.g. Tableau, MicroStrategy,, Looker, SAS, Power BI, etc.)

OTHER REQUIREMENTS:
A valid driver’s license and the ability to travel up to 15% of the time may be required.

Compensation starting at $74,550.00 and up commensurate with experience

Benefits may include: paid time away including holidays and parental leave, medical and dental plans, retirement savings plans with company-match, disability and life insurance, tuition reimbursement program, recognition and service award programs, wellness and workplace flexibility programs, stock purchase plan, and product discounts (Benefits may vary by location).”

Why MSC
People. Collaboration. Insight. That’s how you build something that works.
Built on a foundation of trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than one million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions.

We care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,500+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your family's health, well-being, and financial future.

If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC.

Equal Opportunity Statement
At MSC, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all qualified applicants and our associates without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or any category protected by applicable law."
79	30+ days ago	Red Lambda	Program Design Lead, Data Science	"REMOTE-US /LEARNING – CURRICULUM /FULL TIME- EXEMPT
Lambda School is on a mission to pioneer a new model of accessible higher education with no upfront costs and where the school invests in the students instead of the other way around. We are rethinking learning so that we can address the needs of both students and employers in tandem. We’re a progressive alternative to traditional college and fast track bootcamps. Lambda is an intensive program and an immersive live, online curriculum that teaches people the hard and soft skills they need to launch a new tech career. We offer both full time and part time courses to our students.
Lambda has successfully completed funding rounds with premier tier venture investors and we have students in almost every State across the United States. We’re looking for passionate, talented people who want to change the way the world thinks about higher education and unlock human potential, regardless of circumstance.
If that sounds exciting to you, let’s talk. Our success depends on building teams who can challenge each other's assumptions with fresh perspectives. To that end, we don’t just accept differences – we celebrate them. Lambda School welcomes a diverse pool of applicants, including those from historically marginalized groups and non-traditional backgrounds who can appreciate the diverse student communities that we serve and are looking to grow into. This includes women, people with disabilities, people of color, formerly incarcerated people, individuals who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and/or gender nonconforming, first and second generation immigrants, veterans, and people from different socioeconomic backgrounds.
The Program Design Lead of Data Science will be a critical owner of the learner journey within the school for current and future learning experiences to ensure our learners are prepared to earn a job. You will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to build interactive, high-impact learning solutions that will yield the best outcomes for our learners. You’ll have a great vantage point at the intersection of learning, product, operations, job outcomes, and admissions.
As Program Design Lead of Data Science, you will own the vision and strategy for the end to end learning experience of existing and new Lambda programs. You will help us take our instructional design and curriculum to the next level by ensuring we’re meeting the needs of hiring managers in leading tech companies and operationalizing feedback implementation based on various inputs including data, industry and job market trends, competitive analyses, learner and instructor feedback, and more. In addition to executing curriculum development processes rooted in instructional design best practices and research, this role will find innovative ways to enhance and optimize Lambda’s autonomous and blended learning experiences.
This is a highly visible, internal-facing role that will report directly to the Director of Instructional Design. As a part of the Learning department at Lambda, you will also collaborate closely with your peers including instruction, learner success, technology, product, job placement, and learner operations managers to determine the needs of the school and its learners. This role is ideal for an education leader with a product mindset and a passion for technical skills education who wants to join a fast-growing startup that’s unlocking human potential regardless of circumstance. The Data Science field is very demanding and we prefer candidates who have a highly technical background.
What you'll do:
Partner with our outcomes and job search teams to utilize human-centered design principles to research, design, and execute on our content strategic roadmap in new and existing content areas that are aligned to company goals and priorities
Create our data science content roadmap and be able to communicate our goals to key internal and external stakeholders and implement feedback on an ongoing basis with a strong focus on Data Science trends and technologies relevant to the job field
Track and own program success metrics like enrollments, retention, completion, satisfaction and career outcomes
Present on key learning metrics to executive leadership teams and be able to articulate why you made specific recommendations, decisions, or plans
Lead cross functional teams to design and iterate on a unified user experience, including platform and people touch points throughout the learner lifecycle, from application until job placement
Develop systems and processes for regularly gathering, analyzing, and implementing feedback on curricula and assessments based on key quality metrics that relate to the company’s broader strategic goals
Curate learning pathways for new and existing learner personas
Work cross-functionally with instruction, learner success, job placement, operations, product, and go-to-market teams to ensure optimal learner outcomes
Partner with external hiring managers to ensure our curriculum and assessment properly prepares learners for the job market
Take the lead for the Data Science program with third parties and manage relationships, taking a leading role in relationship negotiations, execution, and implementation
What you'll need:
5+ years of experience working in instructional design and/or curriculum and assessment development
Experience with the 4-component instructional design approach
Industry experience as a Product Manager, Software Engineer, or Data Scientist is idealData-driven mindset, strong business judgment, and proven ability to perform relevant data analyses, draw key insights, and use data to form and execute a strategy
Meticulous attention to detail and process-driven
Experience leading cross functional teams to work on company wide initiatives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; comfortable and compelling in public speaking situations; collaborative team player
Excellent understanding of the technology landscape, how it all fits, and industry trends
Experience working in a high-paced environment that iterates on weekly or monthly cycles rather than semester or annual cycles
Experience with blended learning platforms
Experience working with a product and engineering organization
Lambda School is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, familial status, domestic violence victim status, veteran or military status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Lambda School is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. Please let us know if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability."
80	30+ days ago	Exact Sciences Corporation	Statistician	"Summary of Major Responsibilities:

The Statistical Process Control Statistician will support the commercial analytical lab (AL), which performs various ODx assays, and monitor and conduct surveillance of the assay processes, generally using statistical process control (SPC). This role will use a familiarity with Tableau and experience with data trending using regression techniques. This role will also engage in AL support activities; including, but not limited to, the development of reagent pools, search data for appropriate characteristics, design, and analysis of stability studies, and troubleshoot AL anomalous observations.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Provide SPC-mediated support of the AL.
Engage in stability study design and data analysis.
Study design and analytical methods resources for the AL.
Collaborate with colleagues in the AL and train AL personnel in process monitoring practices.
Work on cross-functional teams to achieve longer term process improvement goals.
Prepare and present presentations for intra- and inter-departmental meetings.
Monitor and conduct surveillance of assay processes, using SPC.
Examine data trending through the use of regression techniques.
Design and analysis of stability studies and troubleshoot AL anomalous observations.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to work seated for approximately 90% of a typical working day. Ability to work standing for approximately 10% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.
Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Applied Statistics, or related field as outlined in the essential duties.
5+ years of experience working in a biotech or pharma commercial laboratory.
Demonstrated ability to set acceptance criteria and specification and alert limits.
Demonstrated ability to use basic descriptive and inferential statistical techniques; including, but not limited to, linear regression, and the use of interval confidence and tolerance estimation.
Proficient in statistical process control.
Proficient in data trending using regression.
Proficient in Microsoft Office programs.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience using Tableau software.
Experience with SAS, JMP, R, and/or Python.
Experience with Excel Macros.
EEO Disclosure:

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request."
81	30+ days ago	Levi Strauss & Co.	Lead Data Scientist/Data Science Manager (Remote)	"JOB DESCRIPTION
You're an original. So are we .
We're a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we've used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi's®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
As a Lead Data Scientist you will be a technical lead and people manager on the Data, Analytics and AI team reporting into the Director, Data, Analytics & AI Lead. You will create advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI solutions to better address our consumers' needs while streamlining our processes and approaching the business in more creative ways.You will translate the needs of our stakeholders into predictive models and applicable insights that will increase revenue or reduce cost, with emphasis on automation and business process improvement.You will lead specific projects for internal clients; directly manage data scientists, data analysts, and data engineers; and will perform technical reviews on the team's work. Together with the LSA Head of Data, Analytics, and AI, you will make technical decisions on data, technology, and ways of working. You will contribute to the global Data, Analytics & AI community, share your knowledge and use other global colleagues' experience.
About the Job
Develop analytical solutions / production-ready models that solve problems, taking account of needs and technology/operations landscape; lead interaction with internal clients and technology on specific projects
Apply advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI techniques to obtain value from the full range of all data sets, applying Cloud-based ""Big Data"" technology
Build data science pipelines from feature generation, data visualization and models evaluation; design the solution, build initial code and provide documentation with ways of working to maximize time to value and re-usability
Translate complex data and methodology into strategic, operationally practical recommendations; automate implementation
Speak to technical and non-technical audiences, verbally and visually, to create understanding and support
Identify trends and opportunities to inspire creativity, both in what we do and how we do it; evaluate new data science, machine learning, and AI technologies that can boost team performance, innovation and value
Grow team and develop AI throughout the organization
Demonstrate a spirit of cooperation, teamwork, and transparency
Manage 4-6 data scientists on the team. Be both coach and mentor to those on the team and cross-functional partners, serving as a technical data science expert on the LSA team, and one of the leading experts globally within LS&Co; contribute to and re-use community best practices
Embody the values and passions that characterize Levi Strauss & Co., with empathy to engage with colleagues from different backgrounds
Promote data science at Levi Strauss & Co in relevant channels through networking, speeches, and publications
About You
Advanced Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or an equivalent discipline required
Experience developing a variety of machine learning models and algorithms in a commercial environment with experience creating meaningful impact
SQL and Python skills required; proficiency in at least one open-source programming language (R, Java, C++ or another) desirable
Expertise in multivariate statistical modeling (e.g. clustering, regression, principal components and factor analysis, time-series forecasting, Bayesian methods) and machine learning (Random Forest, KNN, SVM, boosting and bagging, regularization etc.) required
Experience with cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP or other), or equivalent on-premise platform
2+ years of people-management experience
Mentor and lead others; provide hands-on technical guidance; conduct code reviews
Simultaneously coordinate and track multiple deliverables, tasks and dependencies across multiple partners
Desirable:
Experience with neural networks and deep learning, using frameworks such as TensorFlow, desirable
Proficiency with data visualization tools (D3.js, R Shiny, Looker, Tableau or similar)
Proficiency with Spark or MapReduce
Experience working in agile methodology
Experience in retail or FMCG
We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
401K match: $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
Paid Family Leave
EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
LOCATION
San Francisco, CA, USA
FULL TIME/PART TIME
Full time
Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account."
82	28 days ago	Veeva Systems	Clinical Data Scientist - Veeva Stats - Raleigh Hub	"Veeva [NYSE: VEEV] is the leader in cloud-based software for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, our customers range from the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. Veeva’s software helps our customers bring medicines and therapies to patients faster.
We are the first public company to become a Public Benefit Corporation. As a PBC, we are committed to making the industries we serve more productive, and we are committed to creating high-quality employment opportunities.
Veeva is a Work Anywhere company which means that you can choose to work in the environment that works best for you - on any given day. Whether you choose to work remotely from home or work in an office - it’s up to you.
The Role
Our engineering and product teams are organized around our hubs for community and collaboration. Work anywhere means you can work at home or the office on any given day. Your product hub is based on the primary location of your product, and you should live within one time zone of your product hub. Veeva Stats is based out of our Raleigh-Durham product hub. While we prefer candidates to be based locally in the greater Raleigh-Durham area, it is not a hard requirement for this role.
We are looking for a Clinical Data Scientist to join the Veeva Stats Product team, reporting to the head of Product and Engineering. You will work with our Product team to provide direction on new features and will be asked to frequently experiment and drive requirements within the framework of the tool to ensure that the overall direction of the solution aligns with the day to day needs of statistical programmers working in the Life Sciences, Biotech, and Medical Products industries.
The Statistical Computing Environment is a new business venture for Veeva, a startup with the backing of a much larger company, and we operate with startup speed and urgency.
What You'll Do
Work with the product team on the overall direction of Veeva Stats, serving as the team’s subject matter expert on data science, analytics, and clinical statistical programming
Ensure that Veeva Stats meets the day-to-day needs of clinical data scientists and statistical programmers working in the Life Sciences, Biotech, and Medical Products industries
Support our commercial efforts by participating in discussions with customers and creating customized functionality (e.g. R packages) targeted to clinical trials analytic needs.
Drive adoption of international data standards and implementation of development best practices in statistical programming in the Veeva Stats computing environment solution
Advise and assist the other Veeva Stats teams where needed – Professional Services, Support, Strategy, and Engineering
Requirements
5+ years statistical programming or clinical data science experience in the pharmaceutical industry working in Phase I-IV clinical trials analysis for regulatory submission
Highly skilled multi-language programmer in R and Python languages
Experience with R Markdown, RShiny, Dash Python
Experience creating R/Python packages
Experience with statistical analysis of multiple therapeutic areas
Strong understanding of drug development processes and regulatory requirements, including ICH/GCP guidelines.
Desire to apply your analytic and programming skills in a unique software development startup environment
Nice to Have
Qualifying degree in biostatistics, statistics, or related computational/analytical field
Experience working on NDA submissions across a variety of regulatory agencies (EMA, PMDA, Chinese FDA, etc.)
Experience developing Statistical Analysis Plans (SAP) and tables, listings, and figures (TLF) shells
Understanding and hands-on experience working with CDISC data exchange standards (CDASH/SDTM/ADaM)
Experience in an agile software development environment
Experience with statistical programming in a cloud computing environment with IDEs such as R Studio/JupyterLab
Experience programming in additional languages applicable in data science and statistical programming (SAS, SQL, Julia)
Perks & Benefits
Flexible PTO
Allocations for continuous learning & development
Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice
#LI-Remote
Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances."
83	30+ days ago	Sedgwick	Sr. Data Analyst	"The 'Apply with SEEK' option will be utilized for International applicants, mainly Australia. If this does not apply to you please use the 'Apply' option.
Sr. Data Analyst
IF YOU CARE, THERE’S A PLACE FOR YOU HERE

For a career path that is both challenging and rewarding, join Sedgwick’s talented team of 27,000 colleagues around the globe. Sedgwick is a leading provider of technology-enabled risk, benefits and integrated business solutions. Taking care of people is at the heart of everything we do. Millions of people and organizations count on Sedgwick each year to take care of their needs when they face a major life event or something unexpected happens. Whether they have a workplace injury, suffer property or financial loss or damage from a natural or manmade disaster, are involved in an auto or other type of accident, or need time away from work for the birth of a child or another medical situation, we are here to provide compassionate care and expert guidance. Our clients depend on our talented colleagues to take care of their most valuable assets—their employees, their customers and their property. At Sedgwick, caring counts®. Join our team of creative and caring people of all backgrounds, and help us make a difference in the lives of others.
PRIMARY PURPOSE : To create comprehensive reporting and analysis of statistical data; to monitor data for processing and procedures issues; and to support performance initiative by providing technical support and training to colleagues.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES
Compiles data; prepares and distributes reports; and analyzes results.
Assists in efficient and effective program management; identifies poor work quality and cost effectiveness trends; and works with appropriate staff in analyzing and compiling data from technical reviews, as applicable.
Provides training and coaching on processing and procedures issues.
Provides analysis and reporting of trends.
Ensures data integrity; develops and produces reports utilized in measuring data accuracy.
May assist in the completion of appropriate client set-up and maintenance (parameter) forms.
Extracts data and analyzes information based on plan and jurisdictional requirements.
Gathers and prepares statistical data for reporting; makes recommendations to management for training needs.
May analyze data for cause and effect ratios, return-to-work and accommodations trending, disability durations, injury by job type analysis, disability diagnosis trending, etc.
Presents results to client and/or management.
ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other duties as assigned.
Supports the organization's quality program(s).
Travels as required.
QUALIFICATIONS
Ed ucation & Licensing

Bachelor's degree with major in Computer Science, Finance or Economics from an accredited college or university preferred.
Experience

Six (6) years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience required. Three (3) years of query and report writing strongly preferred.
Skills & Knowledge
Thorough knowledge of query and report writing
Excellent oral and written communication, including presentation skills
PC literate, including Microsoft Office products
Analytical and interpretive skills
Strong organizational skills
Excellent interpersonal skills
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to meet or exceed Performance Competencies
WORK ENVIRONMENT

When applicable and appropriate, consideration will be given to reasonable accommodations.
Mental: Clear and conceptual thinking ability; excellent judgment, troubleshooting, problem solving, analysis, and discretion; ability to handle work-related stress; ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously; and ability to meet deadlines
Physical: Computer keyboarding, travel as required
Auditory/Visual: Hearing, vision and talking
NOTE : Credit security clearance, confirmed via a background credit check, is required for this position.
The statements contained in this document are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by a colleague assigned to this description. They are not intended to constitute a comprehensive list of functions, duties, or local variances. Management retains the discretion to add or to change the duties of the position at any time.
Sedgwick is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace."
84	30+ days ago	Kin + Carta	Data Scientist / Data Engineer— Cascade Data Labs	"Cascade Data Labs is a boutique consulting agency (operating as part of Kin + Carta) with end-to-end experience helping Fortune 500 companies form and execute their analytics strategy and infrastructure. We believe strongly that the difference between analytics success and failure comes down to practitioner-level understanding of the ""details"" presented across a variety of disciplines: data collection, organization, and engineering in a rapidly evolving technological landscape; analytical inference on multi-dimensional data sets; and the communication of findings to business stakeholders in visually compelling ways. As such, we seek a new breed of data professionals that can cut across these disciplines as project requirements dictate, blurring the lines between data analyst, scientist, and engineer, with the ability to work across a multitude of projects and contribute across various aspects of data product . While our culture promotes continual development and multidisciplinary growth, over time employees may gravitate towards a specific specialism and thrive in building a deep expertise in their domain of interest.

Ideal candidates will have strong quantitative backgrounds and analytical discipline. While they will have some demonstrated ability to write code, they will not have learned programming languages for the sake of building their resume, but rather as a means to express their intellectual curiosity and analytical voice. Cascade Data Labs will provide a platform and training to help them reach their full potential.

Core Responsibilities:
Analyze a collection of raw data sets to create meaningful impact to large enterprise clients while maintaining a high degree of scientific rigor and discipline.
Engineer data pipelines and products to help stakeholders make and execute data driven decisions.
Communicate analytical findings in an intuitive and visually compelling way.

Potential Responsibilities (depending on aptitude, project, and seniority):

Creating highly visual and interactive dashboards via Tableau, PowerBI, or custom web applications
Conducting deep dive analysis and designing KPIs to help guide business decisions and measure success
Engineering data infrastructure, software libraries, and APIs supporting BI and ML data pipelines
Architecting cloud data platform components enabling the above
Building and tracking project timelines, dependences, and risks
Gathering stakeholder requirements and conducting technical due diligence toward designing pragmatic data-driven business solutions

Required Qualifications:
Minimum of 2 years professional experience in data science, analytics, and/or engineering

Bachelors or Masters degree in quantitative studies including Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or computation-intensive Sciences and Humanities. Recent graduates should include GPAs in their resumes from degrees obtained in the last 5 years.
Proficiency (can execute data ingestion to insight) in programmatic languages such as SQL, Python, R

Preferred Qualifications:
Candidates are not expected to possess all of the below skills but should possess a demonstrated aptitude and excitement to learn more of them. Proficiency across these qualifications will help dictate seniority.

Proficiency in visualization/reporting tools such as Tableau and PowerBI or programmatic visualization library such as R ggplot2, Python matplotlib/seaborn/bokeh, Javascript D3.
Proficiency scripting in UNIX environment
Proficiency in big data environments and tools such as Spark, Hive, Impala, Pig, etc.
Proficiency with cloud architecture components (AWS, Azure, Google)
Proficiency with data pipeline software such as Airflow, Luigi, or Prefect
Ability to turn raw data and ambiguous business questions into distilled findings and recommendations for action
Experience with statistical and machine learning libraries along with the ability to apply them appropriately to business problems
Proficiency in front and back-end web application development stacks and frameworks (Javascript, HTML, CSS, React/Vue/AngularJS) including API design (REST/GraphQL) and library development
Experience leading and managing technical data/analytics/machine learning projects

Job Type: Full-time

COVID-19 considerations:
Employees are all working remotely at this time. Applicants must be able to relocate to the Portland area once the time is safe to do so.

About Kin + Carta

Kin + Carta exists to make the world work better by delivering transformative digital growth for our clients. As a digital transformation firm, we apply creativity, data, and technology to help clients invent, market, and operate new digital products and services that turn prospects into customers, and customers into advocates. Kin + Carta seamlessly integrates the strategic consulting, software engineering, and marketing technology needed to help businesses 'Make It Happen'.

Consultants at Kin + Carta have the opportunity to: engage with the most cutting-edge emerging technologies, solve difficult problems for some of the world's biggest companies, and work within a breadth of industries.

Kin + Carta is headquartered in Chicago and London with offices across four continents. Our culture and shared ways of working unite us globally, but it's our diverse specialisms, our connections, and our courage that makes our firm a recognized best place to work.

We welcome our Kin to show up as their full selves every day. Because this is so important to us, Kin + Carta is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. To read further about our commitment to Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Awareness, check out our IDEA page on our website.

If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know."
85	30+ days ago	Neustar, Inc.	Sr. Data Scientist	"Neustar is an information services and technology company and a leader in identity resolution providing the data and technology that enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter most. More information is available at https://www.home.neustar .
Job Requisition:
R-3560 Sr. Data Scientist (Open)
Primary Location:
SAN DIEGO
Job Description:
*Open to any Neustar office location and/or remote*
Who are we?
As a company built on the foundation of Privacy by Design, for more than 20 years Neustar’s unique capabilities have made us the leader in the field of responsible identity resolution. Neustar enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter the most, with world-class and industry leading solutions in Marketing, Risk, Communications, Security and Registry services.
Job Duties
Algorithm Development: Develop a deep understanding of all the data relevant to the problem to be addressed. Establish deterministic and probabilistic linkages between data sources and develop ways to extract and summarize the sought information in the data using a wide variety of statistical, data mining and machine learning techniques.
Prototyping: Prototype data pipelines, machine-learning models, and perform the analyses at scale, provide documentation and help educate your colleagues in different function about the solution.
Support Implementation: Closely work with product, engineering and client teams to incorporate Data Science capabilities into Neustar’s products and services.
Qualifications/Education
Master’s degree in an analytical field such as computer science, machine learning, data science and/or statistics with 3 to 5 years of experience is a minimum requirement, or a PhD in a related field with background research experience in device fingerprinting.
We will consider candidates with Bachelor’s degrees with at least 5 years of relevant work experience.
Domain expertise in device fingerprinting, fraud modeling using machine learning, and risk analyses.
Minimum 2 years of hands-on experience with AWS tools such as EC2, EMR, and databases such a Redshift and S3.
Ability to learn APIs quickly and implement machine learning modeling solutions into an end-to-end scoring pipeline. For example, Sklearn, Boto3, Numpy.
Minimum 2 years of experience with wrangling large (terabytes) event level datasets.
Experience working with engineering teams to QA, debug, and deploy machine learning models in production.
Minimum 5 years of experience with Python and SQL, and one or more enterprise level programming languages such as Java or Scala.
Some experience writing Hive-SQL and code on a Spark platform.
Track record of building production models based on highly imbalanced datasets.
Some experience with TensorFlow or PyTorch.
Excellent oral and communication skills.
Ability and experience working in a cross-functional environment.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree with at least 5 years of relevant experience.
Minimum 2 years of experience on a cloud platform such as AWS and/or GCP.
At Neustar, we are committed to the growth and development of our employees whose individual skills, curiosity and passion for their work, contribute to the overall success of our business. Our core values (Accountability, Collaboration, Transparency, Resilience, and Respect) are the driving force of our culture across our locations around the globe. We offer our employees a comprehensive benefits package including perks such as tuition reimbursement, awesome company discounts, back-up day care, community service events, pet and baby swag and much more! We are all learning and creating together; and having some major fun along the way.
JOIN US! We can’t wait to meet you!
Neustar does not accept unsolicited resumes from external firms or agencies. Neustar will not be responsible for placement fees associated with unsolicited resumes.
DIVERSITY

Diversity, inclusion and teamwork are second nature to Neustar; and these values permeate our entire business structure. Neustar is committed to creating an environment where a wide spectrum of opinions and beliefs are actively sought, listened to and respected. Further, our talented workforce draws from the many geographic areas and markets in which Neustar operates worldwide, which represents a distinct competitive advantage. The rich and varied personal and professional backgrounds of our employees make Neustar a dynamic and rewarding company at which to build a career. We invite you to join us.


EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disability

Neustar, Inc. considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran in accordance with federal law and other state and local requirements. Neustar, Inc., complies with applicable state and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment and provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and applicable state and local laws."
86	30+ days ago	Epsilon	Director of Data Science (Remote)	"Job Summary
Epsilon Strategy and Insights, Data Sciences team is looking for experienced Director of Data Science. You are an expert, mentor and advocate. You have strong machine learning and deep learning background and are passionate about transforming data into ML models. You welcome the challenge of data science and are proficient in Python, Spark MLLib, Tensorflow, Keras, ML algorithms and Deep Neural Networks, Big Data. You must be self-driven, take initiative and want to work in a dynamic, busy and innovative group.
You will lead and work with a distributed team (onshore and offshore) and work closely with a broadly talented team of delivery management, data/business analysts, visual designers, analytics, developers, and QA. You will work directly with clients to own data science solutions as a member of Marketing Machine Learning (MML) team and will operate as part of the services team to extend the model functionality and customizations.
Responsibilities
Provide guidance to the team of Senior Data Scientists and manage Machine learning and Deep Learning based team and projects. Work with the team who analyze complex data structure, manipulate, cleanse data and perform statistical analysis
Design, develop, train and validate machine learning models using Spark ML, Python, HDFS.
Design and implement Deep neural network models using Tensorflow, Keras and Python
Develop machine learning pipelines with big data design principles in Airflow or Azure Data Factory
Own end to end implementations of multiple Marketing machine learning models such as Churn, CLV, Propensity, Affinity models.
Qualifications
 Experience with large scale distributed databases and computing systems like Databricks Spark, EMR.
Proven capability to deliver end-to-end analyses by asking the right questions, extracting data, and building predictive models to ensure actionable results.
10-15 years of total IT experience with 6+ years of managing and leading data science teams with demonstrable experience in algorithms like Logistic Regression, Gradient Boosted Machines
5-8 years of expert experience in leading machine learning teams with Spark and Big Data environment.
Expertise in predictive analytics/data mining/machine learning algorithms.
Strong experience in DNN models using TensorFlow v1.8 above, Keras, Pytorch
Experience with sequence modeling using RNNs/LSTMs is must.
Strong experience in at least one database technology (i.e. Spark, Hive, PrestoDb)
Hands on coding experience in Python is must, any additional programming language such as R, C, C++ is a plus
Experience working with query languages (i.e. Spark-SQL, T-SQL) is must.
Understanding and experience working with cloud infrastructure services like Azure and Amazon Web Services. MS Azure and ADF is preferred.
Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate ideas.
MS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or equivalent education/professional experience is required. Ph.D is a plus.
Experience working with code repositories and continuous integration (Git/Jenkins)
Strong passion for understanding key business problems, bringing together the team to understand data/ instrumentation needs and/or mine through data to unearth deep insights into customer experiences
Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate ideas, insights and complicated analysis effectively at all organizational levels, include engineering leadership
Additional Information
Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.
Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.
Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.
For San Francisco Bay and Los Angeles Areas: Epsilon will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Applicants with criminal histories are welcome to apply.
#LI-BW1
REF83899N

Job Location"
87	30+ days ago	GRAIL, Inc.	Senior Supply Chain Data Analyst (REMOTE)	"GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is headquartered in Menlo Park, CA with locations in Washington, D.C., North Carolina, and the United Kingdom. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com.
GRAIL is seeking a motivated Senior Supply Chain Data Analyst who will transform data into insights that drive business value. The individual will drive strategy and execution of supply chain analytics, including development of leading and lagging performance indicators; data extraction, ad-hoc reporting, data automation through use of databases, data warehouses and data lakes, creating data visualizations, and comparing data to industry trends.
The ideal candidate will have supply chain experience in reagents and consumables inventory management in a life sciences environment. He/she will possess strong visualization skills and experience building and managing dashboards using Power BI or Tableau. The role will provide support for production scheduling of internal operations. In addition, this individual will perform analysis of demand and forecast data for long and short-term planning, taking into consideration lead times and production capacity, providing recommendations for process and system improvements.
You will
Work in collaboration with executives and operational managers to translate the business needs into analytic and reporting strategies through the development, execution and resourcing of routine and project specific plans for analytics delivery.
Analyze and interpret supply chain & operational data and provide recommendations based on the results. Educates & trains user community on reports and visualization toolsProvide customized ad-hoc reports extracting data from internal systems and databases using SQL or using Business Intelligence tools. Summarizes data in business and financial terms for management, executives, vendors, and other stakeholders.
Develop and implement leading and lagging Supply Chain performance indicators.
Monitor performance, proactively identify improvement opportunities to improve supply & demand planning, material availability, inventory accuracy, and operational cycle time.
Play a key role in our Data Governance initiative by developing data standards, data governance and data integrity monitoring. Provide insights and recommendations for material lifecycle management, capacity planning, and safety stock levels
Drive solution development, internal customer communications, and monitoring of department efficiencies through cross-functional projects
Work on supply chain design and process improvement projectsIdentify key issues across a broad range of areas and effectively communicate recommendations to Lab Operations leadership
Translate business requirements into project and technical deliverablesReview, analyze data and reports to assist management in coordination of efforts to achieve desired outcomes
Your Background will include:
Bachelor of Science degree in Supply Chain or other areas of relevance (e.g. Science, Engineering, Business) and a minimum 5 years of experience in a medical device/life sciences environment; or Masters degree with a minimum of 3 years of experience
Strong analytical skillset and ability to translate business processes and data into insights and solutions
Strong visualization skills and experience building and managing data visualization dashboards
Project management skills to enable the prioritization of tasks for Supply Chain
Problem solving mindset, and an outstanding business data analytics acumen
Solutions-driven ability to evaluate situations, and quickly and efficiently identify options resulting in appropriate outcomes
Demonstrated excellent ability working in a complex, fast-paced, and dynamic environment
Demonstrated ability to develop ad-hoc tools/processes as needed in a start-up environmentAPICS certification is a plusUnderstanding of basic MPS/MRP principles and logic
Excellent working knowledge of BOM’s/routings, manufacturing processes and operations, MRP/ERP setup and operationsExcellent attention to detail, but with a keen awareness of the big picture
Excellent written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work independently and also collaborate well with colleagues and internal/external customers
Stays up-to-date on new technologies and methods across data science and data visualization
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
GRAIL, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (""GRAIL"") does not accept any liability for fees for resumes from recruiters or employment agencies (“Agency”), without a binding, written recruitment agreement between GRAIL and Agency describing the services and specific job openings (“Agreement”). GRAIL may consider any candidate for whom an Agency has submitted an unsolicited resume and explicitly reserves the right to hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the Agency, unless an Agreement is in place. Any email or verbal contacts with any person within GRAIL is inadequate to create a binding agreement. Agencies without an Agreement are requested not to contact any hiring managers of GRAIL with recruiting inquiries or resumes. Agencies interested in partnering with GRAIL may contact GRAIL's HR Department through our Customer Service team."
88	30+ days ago	TeleTracking Technologies	Machine Learning Engineer II	"“TO ENSURE THAT NO ONE WILL EVER WAIT FOR CARE”
Machine Learning (ML) Engineer II
WHO WE ARE
We are a software development company HQ in beautiful downtown Pittsburgh, PA. Our mission is simple—to ensure that no one waits for the care they need by. Here at TeleTracking we all believe it’s unacceptable that patients are not able to access the care they need, when they need it, due to operating inefficiencies and unnecessary cost barriers, and we also believe as care delivery becomes more complex, coordinating patient care with a combination of people, process and technology across the care continuum is absolutely essential and we are looking for the best and the brightest talent to ensure the mission gets accomplished.
TeleTracking has been recognized by the Pittsburgh Technology Council―which named TeleTracking as the Tech 50 Culture Leader of the Year. TeleTracking has also been recognized as one of Becker's Hospital Review’s ""Great Places to Work,"" a Pittsburgh Business Times “Corporate Citizenship Award” winner and a Pittsburgh Business Times “2019 Workplace Wellness Champion.”
JOB SUMMARY
TeleTracking is growing and the data processing landscape is shifting. We collect terabytes of data of various types, including real-time, from a cadre of sources from all of our clients. Our clients, large and small health systems, too are growing. The kinds and amount of data that each generates on a yearly basis is exponentially growing. Having this data improves our clients’ situational awareness leading them to better understand how they are performing in order to improve their overall outcomes. This is true for the smallest community hospital to the largest health system.
As a TeleTracking Machine Learning Engineer you will be working in one of the most complex data environments in healthcare. You will be responsible to determine ways to intelligently use this data to enhance the users’ experience and to inform customers of trends identified by the data. You should have excellent business and communications skills to be able to work with both technical teams as well non-technical teams and direct with our clients. You should be someone who loves to bring data together to answer business questions and drive change.
PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Create machine learning models and applications. Use your strong multiple programming languages to lead the design and development of the next generation machine learning algorithms that will drive operational improvements across the healthcare continuum of care and dramatically improve insights for all our stakeholders both internal (analysts, business leaders, etc.) and external (clinicians, health system CEOs and CIOs, etc,).
Bring in additional data sources into the data pipeline
Store results of forecasts in the cloud, in a variety of formats and technologies.
Deliver high quality analysis of algorithms enabling selection of best machine learning models.
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results.
Responsible for low level design, development, and operations of large-scale systems designed for machine learning
Run machine learning tests and experiments.
Keep abreast of developments in machine learning and statistics.
EDUCATION
Bachelors in Computer Science, Machine Learning or related field
Masters preferred
EXPERIENCE
Three years of total software engineer experience of which 2+ years of experience building functional ML applications for prediction, utilization (e.g., commercial products or government projects), NLP.
Preference to candidates with previous experience in using Hadoop ecosystem ML tools (SparkML, Mahout, etc.)
Experience validating software through industry accepted testing strategies
Experience working in an Agile development environment
Preference to candidates with experience delivering in distributed systems and services in a production setting
SKILLS
Graduate-level expertise (or equivalent industry experience) in machine learning, natural language processing, or related field
Proficient in implementing ML systems at scale in Python, Java, Scala, or SparkML
(i.e., not just R or MATLAB)
Proficient in selecting the appropriate measures to evaluate algorithm performance
A strong mathematical background in statistics and machine learning. Understands data structures, data modeling, and software architecture.
Strong presentation and communication skills
Strong understanding of data storage and retrieval mechanisms.
Experience with some or all of the following:
REST API’s
SQL
Amazon Web Services
Linux
WORK ENVIRONMENT and TRAVEL
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The term ""qualified individual with a disability"" means an individual with a disability who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the position. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate professionally in person, over the telephone, through email and other electronic means, move about the office, handle various types of media and equipment, and visually or otherwise identify, observe and assess. The employee is occasionally required to lift up to 10 pounds unless otherwise specified in the job description.
TeleTracking is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all people in all aspects of the employment relationship, without discrimination because of race, age, sex, color, religion, national origin, disability or status as a Vietnam era or special disabled veteran or any other unlawful basis, as defined by applicable law, and fostering a workplace free of unlawful discrimination and retaliation. This policy affects decisions including, but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, terms and conditions of employment, opportunities for promotion, transfer, layoffs, return from a layoff, training and development, and other privileges of employment. An integral part of TeleTracking’s commitment is to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws concerning equal employment and affirmative action."
89	30+ days ago	AiFi Inc.	AI Simulation Engineer	"AI Simulation Engineer

You are a highly motivated Unity/Graphics/Game Engineer working with both algorithms and rendering to blur the line between real and virtual content. This will be a focal position open to remotely based, work from home, working with a small innovative team and be part of building the next big thing!

The ideal candidate will be responsible for developing high-quality, high-fidelity AiFi SimStore. You will be responsible for designing and implementing testable and scalable code that can handle thousands of virtual stores and hundreds of thousands of grocery products, all in virtual environment! You will work with a stellar and dedicated team to create one of the world’s most cutting-edge synthetic datasets and AI simulation engines.

Responsibilities:
 Develop quality software and simulation modules. Automate and animate avatars and products for daily shopping activity simulation. Optimize pipeline for large scale synthetic data rendering. Improve data fidelity and process for AI data generation and training. Research on advanced simulation techniques to close. Simulation/Reality gap.

Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or related field. Solid mathematical foundation in linear algebra. 3+ years of experience in the field, proven track record of successful projects. Experience working with graphics engines Unreal/Unity/In-house. Proficient in C# and C/C++. Experience with rendering techniques and GPU/GPGPU. Experience working on low level performance profiling and optimization. Passionate about AI, modeling and rendering. Excellent problem-solving skills and verbal and written communication.

About AiFi:
AiFi is an AI technology company automating the world’s stores for retailers and brands of all sizes, from small footprint pop-up stores to supermarkets. With its Autonomous Store Platform OASIS, AiFi is creating delightful client shopping experiences with some of the most influential retail partners in the world including Carrefour, Albert Heijn, Żabka, Valora, and Loop. AiFi powered stores are becoming destinations in cities like Amsterdam, Paris, the San Francisco Bay Area, and Shanghai."
90	18 days ago	Blue Owl	Senior Data Scientist - Call Center Optimization	"Our Mission:
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.
Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.
Minimum Qualifications
3+ years of demonstrable expertise building and supporting machine learning models deployed to production
Expert in Python and core libraries used by data scientists (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib/Seaborn, etc.)
Experience using Jupyter notebooks
Experience working with large and/or noisy data sets
Contact Center Optimization Focus
Contact center knowledge: You are an expert at using data science methods to optimize contact centers
Problem solving focus: You thrive in environments with broadly defined problems and can choose the most promising approaches and methods
Communication prowess: You’re able to explain how your approach works, why it’s best, and how it will help the day-to-day of the customer care specialists
Additional Details:
Salary: We pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent, and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of PTO, six weeks of parental leave (12 weeks for parents who give birth), and great work-life balance.
Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during the core business hours of 9:00AM - 5:00PM PST.
Some travel required once the San Francisco office re-opens. Frequency 1/quarter.
Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office, post-COVID, for in-person collaboration purposes and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.
#LI-Remote
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf"
91	6 days ago	Geotab	Learning Consultant	Who we are:Geotab is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work.” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Marketplace, offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.*Who you are: *We are always looking for amazing talent who can contribute to our growth and deliver results! Geotab is seeking a Learning Consultant who will organize and own key projects and initiatives championed or sponsored by the Operations team. The projects will vary in scope, complexity, and affected business area. The Learning Consultant is responsible for designing and delivering training solutions for employees, end customers and resellers and, occasionally customers and employees. If you love technology, and are keen to join an industry leader — we would love to hear from you!*What you’ll do: *As a Learning Consultant your key area of responsibility will be creating and managing a project’s scope, project plan, and deliverables. You will be responsible for the implementation of the project tasks, as well as managing day-to-day activities. You will also need to provide regular status reports to key partners to ensure the project is on time and meeting expectations. You will need to work closely with Geotab’s Legal, Production, and Supply Chain teams, as well as communicate with external vendors. To be successful in this role you will be a self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and have the ability to quickly understand complex, technical concepts. In addition, the successful candidate will have strong analytical and project management skills with an ability to identify needs, develop effective solutions, and manage projects through completion. The successful candidate will also be able to manage multiple timelines and contrasting priorities to ensure timely results.How you’ll make an impact: Assist in the development of curriculum for Geotab employees, resellers and customers.Manage documentation and tracking of activity pertaining to Reseller training.Organize training events for Geotab ResellersPresent training modules through various modalities for all training solutions (e.g. video recording, webinars, and live presentations e-learning).Effectively communicate with internal and external business partners to coordinate training.Assist with special training sessions and ad-hocWhat you’ll bring to this role: 3-5 years training experience delivering a variety of modalities.Experience working within a technical or engineering organization/knowledge of the high-technology industry would be considered an asset.Able to work well under pressure and respond to fast changing priorities and deadlines.Ability to work with a variety of cross-functional stakeholdersHighly organized and able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and relationship management skills.Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including comfort with delivering presentations and training.Strong interpersonal relationship building skills.Strong analytical skills with the ability to problem-solve to well-judged decisions.A strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization.Technical competence using software programs, including, but not limited to, Google Suite for business (Sheets, Docs, Slides).Ability to understand audience needs and deliver learning experience commensurate with needsEntrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization.Why job seekers choose Geotab:Work from home and flex work arrangementsBaby bonusHome office reimbursement programOnline learning and networking opportunitiesElectric vehicle purchase incentive programFull medical benefits & 4% 401k company matching RSP (full-time employees only)How we work:At Geotab, we understand that the world is always changing and that we need to change with it. Geotab has adopted a hybrid model for working, including a flexible work from home program, with the opportunity to work in our safe, clean offices. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!Geotab provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Geotab complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Geotab expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Geotab's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.Job Type: Full-time
92	6 days ago	Medical Device Innovation Consortium	Data Science Engineer, NESTcc	"& www.nestcc.org
Title: Data Science Engineer Job Code: Full Time Exempt
Reports to: Director of Medical Device Safety, NESTcc Location: Arlington, VA or remote

Organization Overview:

The Medical Device Innovation Consortium (MDIC) is the first-ever 501(c)3 public-private partnership

created with the sole objective of advancing medical device regulatory science for patient benefit. As

a membership based organization, MDIC brings together representatives of the Food and Drug

Administration (FDA), National Institutes of Health (NIH), Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

(CMS), industry, non-profits, and patient organizations to improve the processes for development,

assessment, and review of new medical technologies. Our work is unique and complementary to

trade associations such as Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), Medical Device

Manufacturers Association (MDMA), Medical Imaging & Technology Alliance (MITA), and American

Clinical Laboratory Association (ACLA). Members of MDIC share a vision of providing U.S. patients

with timely access to high-quality, safe and effective medical devices.


The National Evaluation System for health Technology (NEST) was established by the FDA/CDRH and

the Coordinating Center (NESTcc) was awarded to MDIC. The goal of NESTcc to accelerate the

development and translation of new and safe medical devices and health technologies, leveraging

real-world evidence (RWE) and innovative research. Stakeholders across the medical device

ecosystem stand to benefit from improved use of RWE generated in the routine course of care.

Position Overview:

The Data Science Engineer primary responsibility will be in medical device safety and surveillance

activities using real-world data from the NESTcc Research Network and data partners. The active

surveillance initiative aims to address the critical public health need of recognizing and quantifying

safety issues with medical devices. This is done through collaborative innovation with leaders across

medical device manufacturers, the FDA, clinical experts, data scientists and patient advocacy groups.


Objectives and Responsibilities:

Coordinate data quality, security, maintenance
Establish policies and procedures related to data collection and accuracy of data
Working with Network Collaborators to integrate their data into the cloud environment
Provide end-to-end data integration
Data intake, data quality assessment/evaluation, data curation, enrichment/preparation
 & www.nestcc.org
Design and implement scalable data integration processes including ingestion, cleaning,
curation, unification, etc.
Develop tools to support data profiling and data quality methodologies
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Biostatistics, Biomedical Engineer, or related
technical discipline
4+ years relevant work experience
Expertise in database management and queries (SQL, Oracle)
Proficiency in ETL/ELT and data pipeline principles
Experience with AI frameworks and DevOps principles
Knowledge of big data analytics approaches using cloud services from Google Cloud Platform
(preferred), AWS or Azure
Familiarity with healthcare data and sources of real-world data for safety signal detection
Other Skills/Abilities:
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Infrastructure as a code
Defining a data architecture to meet business needs and refining the structure, using rigorous
change management controls to meet evolving needs
Experience with Python and related data analytics packages
Development and management of APIs
Developing and using dashboards and BI tools
Experience with healthcare common data models such as, OMOP, i2b2 or PCORnet a plus
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive company information responsibly
Ability to translate technical jargon into layman’s terms for explanatory purposes
Reporting Relationships:
The employee will report to the Director of Medical Device Safety, NESTcc
To Apply, email your resume to careers@mdic.org with “Data Science Engineer, NESTcc” as the
subject of the email. Please include a cover letter with your resume.

NOTE: This scope of services is not intended to be all-inclusive. The Data Science Engineer may

perform other related duties
MDIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer."
93	30+ days ago	Scorpion Internet Marketing	Machine Learning Engineer	"As a Machine Learning Engineer at Scorpion, you’ll work with our growing data science team to develop data products for Scorpion and its clients. We’re looking for a highly skilled Python developer excited to iterate on proofs of concept/development models produced by our data science team to improve resilience, performance, and accuracy in the production environment. Your work will improve the team’s ability to rapidly iterate and operationalize models, and protect deployments against model drift, data quality, and programming errors.
As a generalist rather than a specialist, your success will rely on a broad base of knowledge spanning web application engineering (microservices, REST APIs), DevOps (CI / CD deployment pipelines, test-driven development), infrastructure (Kubernetes, cloud), and data science (Python and familiarity with cloud machine learning environments such as Azure ML or Amazon SageMaker).
Responsibilities:
Develop CI/ CD pipelines to reduce errors in the deployment of new or updated models without impairing each data scientists’ ability to rapidly experiment.
Improve scalability and performance of deployed models by refactoring Python code or tuning inference clusters.
Improve model reproducibility and facilitate collaboration amongst data scientists by enabling data version control and feature stores.
Analyze and monitor the performance of production models to protect against degradation or drift.
Enable resilient model deployment architectures such as champion-challenger.
Support data scientists in algorithm selection, hyperparameter tuning, and code review.
Qualifications:
3+ years of Python development experience, ideally with some exposure to full-stack application engineering as well as data science.
Experience operationalizing external-facing models in a cloud machine learning environment (Azure ML preferred), enabling highly performant batch and live inference.
Extensive industry modeling experience (degree in Computer Science/ Statistics/ Data Science/ Machine Learning/ etc. and one prior role as a machine learning engineer or applied data scientist).
Python Expertise (including extensive experience with pandas/numpy/scikit-learn/xgboost/etc.) and understanding of common machine learning algorithms (RF, SVM, LR, GBDT, GLMs, etc.) as well as probabilistic modeling.
Familiarity with Test-Driven Development and modern CI / CD best practices
Preferred: Knowledge of Marketing or small business domain.
Preferred: Experience in a fast-paced SaaS startup development environment"
94	30+ days ago	Citrix	Senior Master Data Analyst	"We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU!
What we're looking for:
You are a focused, motivated and detail-oriented Senior Master Data Analyst who has a preferred 3-5 years of experience.
Position overview
As Senior Master Data Analyst, you will create and maintain SKU and product configuration data with a high degree of accuracy, completing tasks within the SLA for On-Time Delivery. You will engage with product management regarding new features, editions, products, and pricing
Primary Duties / Responsibilities:
Engage with product management regarding new features, editions, products, pricing, etc. so that SKUs can be created/modified accordingly.
Ensure that SKUs and product configuration data are created in SCM systems, enabling book/ship functionality.
Ensure that pricing master data is accurately updated, including Cost and Foreign Exchange data following appropriate SOX guidelines.
Act as the Subject Matter Expert for any issues involving SKU and product configuration data. Prepare SKU and Product configuration data in QA systems prior to UAT.
Act as a Project Manager for multiple simultaneous SKU requests, ensuring that SKU and product data is available within the defined SLAs.
Ensure that Product Lifecycle methodology is implemented across SKU and product configuration data.
Participate in enterprise systems projects as the SME for SKU and Product configuration data.
Follow the 8D problem solving methodology to resolve issues related to SKU and Product configuration data.
Make fact-based & data-driven business decisions.
Achieve performance results based on mutually determined goals. Available in off-hours during month- and quarter- close to resolve any SKU issue that is preventing booking/shipping deals
Basic Qualifications
Requires advanced knowledge of job area obtained through advanced education combined with experience. May have practical knowledge of project management.
Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and minimum 5 years of prior relevant experience; or a Master’s degree with 3 years; or a PhD without experience.LI-JW1
What you’re looking for:
Our technology is built on the idea that everyone should be able to work from anywhere, at any time, and on any device. It’s a simple philosophy that guides everything we do — including how we work. If you’re driven, passionate and curious, we invite you to make a difference with a brand you can believe in. We want employees to do what they do best, every day.
Be bold. Take risks. Imagine a better way to work. If we just described you, then we really need to talk.
Functional Area:
SKU & Product Data Mgmt
About us:
Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what we’re all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. You’ll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. We’ll give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.
Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html
Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.
If this is an evergreen requisition, by applying you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications."
95	5 days ago	Affinity.co	Senior Machine Learning Engineer	San FranciscoAffinity stitches together billions of data points from massive datasets to create a powerful, accurate representation of the world's professional relationship graph. Based on this data, we offer our users the insights and visibility they need to nurture and tap into the opportunities in their team's network.In this role, you'll help create the magic that underlies Affinity's industry-leading relationship intelligence. You'll define how Affinity uses our massive datasets (including email messages, calendar events, and data pulled from around the public internet) to extract actionable information and insights for our users.What you'll achieve: Take projects from concept to production, including feature engineering, model construction, deployment, and model observability and evaluation.Help define our data roadmap. Which problems are amenable to AI/ML techniques, and which are better solved via simpler non-statistical methods? How might we define and evaluate data quality? Which models and techniques are best suited to our domain? You'll collaborate with our product and engineering teams to help to answer these questions and more.Collaborate with the rest of our data pipeline engineering team to build the robust, high-scale systems that underlie all of our data processing.We'd love to hear from you if: You have 5+ years of experience in software developmentYou have a minimum of 2 years of experience with machine learning in production.You have experience with NLP techniques and domains, including Named Entity Recognition, Sentiment Analysis are assetsYou are a builder and care deeply about building systems and products that deliver meaningful value to usersYou have experience working with large, multi-terabyte datasets, and are comfortable with tools for high-scale data ingestion, transformation, analysis, and predictionYou take pride in delivering exceptionally high quality, in terms of data accuracy, performance, and reliabilityYou're excited to work collaboratively within engineering and across functional teamsYou’re eager to contribute your ideas and experiences to help Affinity continuously improve as a product and as a companyJoin us in enabling every professional on the planet to succeed by harnessing the power of their relationships.Tech stackOn the back end, we use Ruby and PostgreSQL; our infrastructure is hosted by AWS and runs on Kubernetes. To learn more about our tech, check out our Building Affinity blog.About AffinityAffinity is all about innovation. Our technology ingests, analyzes, structures, and enriches billions of data points across a team’s digital communications to offer the insights needed to grow their most valuable relationships and discover untapped opportunities. This enables the companies we serve (over 1000 and growing!) to unlock introductions, manage their deal flow and get automated, unique insights into the opportunities in their network. While capturing nearly 40% of the global venture capital market, and expanding into other financial services and relationship-driven industries, we have facilitated millions of introductions and processed billions of communications.We have raised over $40M and are backed by some of Silicon Valley’s best firms. We have hubs in both San Francisco and Toronto and are a remote-friendly company. We care personally about our employees and want individuals to work in an environment that sets them up to thrive.Since day one, our top priority has been investing in our people and our culture. We've been certified by Great Places to Work with a 98% approval rating, and have been named a top workplace by Inc., Fortune, and more.The more diverse our team is, the more we’ll be able to learn from each other, and the better our company and our product will be. Whatever your gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, veteran status, favorite Spotify playlist, or social, cultural, and economic background, we can’t wait to welcome you to Affinity!Job Type: Full-time
96	30+ days ago	Cedars-Sinai	Sr Consultant - Data Analyst	"Align yourself with an organization that has a reputation for excellence! Cedars-Sinai was awarded the National Research Corporation’s Consumer Choice Award 19 years in a row for providing the highest-quality medical care in Los Angeles. We were also awarded the Advisory Board Company’s Workplace of the Year. This recognizes hospitals and health systems nationwide that have outstanding levels of employee engagement. Join us! Discover why U.S. News & World Report has named us one of America’s Best Hospitals.
Tell me about the role:
Using a range of healthcare data and analytic methodologies, this individual will identify key issues and answer clinical, operational, and strategic questions to enhance clinical efficiency.
As part of a multidisciplinary team, this individual will select the right analytic approach, conduct the analysis, interpret findings with team members and stakeholders, and support the communication of the results and their implications.
A key focus will be on combining different types of data to assess clinical trends, opportunities for improvement, and measure clinical and financial outcomes.
Coordinates key cross-functional work teams for program evaluation. This includes performance of market assessment, literature review, data collection and analysis and project management support to ensure effective development of strategies and protocols that support Program Evaluation, especially as it integrates with population health and total cost of care initiatives across the entire care continuum. This includes prevention, evaluation, treatment, and transitions of care. This role supports decision-making about programs, and demonstrates the value of the Health System’s care delivery.
Evaluates key program components including measurement of structural and process measures and outcome measures in multiple domains - clinical quality, health care utilization plus efficiency, patient and provider satisfaction and engagement, and return-on-investment. Supports and participates in interdepartmental collaboration and problem-solving.
Works closely with members of other departments including Clinical Analytics, Decision Support, Resource and Outcomes Management, Performance Improvement, Health Services Research, and Biostatistics, defining project scope, accessing data, executing analyses, and interpreting and communicating findings.
During implementation, considers the implications of the processes to the current and future clinical and business environment.

The job requires to work mostly onsite with some remote/telecommute work
#jobs #Jobs-Indeed
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in health care, business, or technical field - required
Master’s degree (MPH, MBA) or clinical degree - preferred

Experience:
Includes at least 3 years of prior analytic work experience in healthcare setting
Experienced and skilled in quantitative healthcare analyses, preferably with program evaluation, managed care, or observational research applications.
A master of healthcare data, data quality management, systems analysis, and statistical analysis including: health system information systems and data flow and statistical software packages, strong spreadsheet analysis skills and experience with relational databases, preferably including electronic health records.
Experience with accessing and manipulating different types of data. This may include administrative claims, electronic medical record, survey, quality management, and registries.
Demonstrated experience in project management, scope, cost, time, risk, quality, and communication. Completion of the Cedars-Sinai recognized project management course required within first year of employment.
Demonstrated experience with process flow analysis, user relations, and customer interactions. Establishes lasting relationships and manages through conflicting points of views with different teams. Understands core business processes within healthcare organizations.
Superior digital literacy including sophisticated knowledge of MS Office, Excel, Access, Visio, Project and Project Tracking.
Working Title: Sr Consultant - Data Analyst
Department: Clinical Transformation
Business Entity: Academic / Research
City: Beverly Hills
Job Category: Strategic Plan/Business Dev
Job Specialty: Strategic Planning
Position Type: Full-time
Shift Length: 8 hour shift
Shift Type: Day
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in health care, business, or technical field - required
Master’s degree (MPH, MBA) or clinical degree - preferred

Experience:
Includes at least 3 years of prior analytic work experience in healthcare setting
Experienced and skilled in quantitative healthcare analyses, preferably with program evaluation, managed care, or observational research applications.
A master of healthcare data, data quality management, systems analysis, and statistical analysis including: health system information systems and data flow and statistical software packages, strong spreadsheet analysis skills and experience with relational databases, preferably including electronic health records.
Experience with accessing and manipulating different types of data. This may include administrative claims, electronic medical record, survey, quality management, and registries.
Demonstrated experience in project management, scope, cost, time, risk, quality, and communication. Completion of the Cedars-Sinai recognized project management course required within first year of employment.
Demonstrated experience with process flow analysis, user relations, and customer interactions. Establishes lasting relationships and manages through conflicting points of views with different teams. Understands core business processes within healthcare organizations.
Superior digital literacy including sophisticated knowledge of MS Office, Excel, Access, Visio, Project and Project Tracking."
97	30+ days ago	NORC at the University of Chicago	Statistician	"Job no: 497007 Work type: Regular Full-Time Location: Chicago – 55 East Monroe Street, IL Capability Area: Statistics & Methodology

JOB DESCRIPTION:

NORC at the University of Chicago is hiring an experienced Statistician to join the Statistics and Data Science department.

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis through June of 2021. Start dates for this position will range from late spring to early summer 2021

Due to current COVID-19 safety measures, employees who can work from home, are required to do so. Once it is safe to resume standard practices of commuter travel and social interaction per government guidelines, we expect employees to maintain an office presence as required by projects needs and department leadership.

DEPARTMENT:

The Statistics and Data Science department conducts a wide range of statistical projects, engaging in statistical analysis, modeling, data linkage, matching, disclosure control, small area estimation, and Bayesian analysis, to support all aspects of social science research. NORC statisticians and data scientists design and implement rigorous, efficient methods for sampling, weighting, and imputation for sample surveys and evaluation research. They also employ advanced techniques for analyzing and interpreting data. The department collaborates with the Methodology and Quantitative Social Sciences department, all NORC research departments, and the Academic Research Centers in addition to conducting research in its own field.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Write and implement computer programs to extract and manipulate data; make statistical calculations related to sampling, analytical modeling, and evaluation.
Work with the project director or task manager to provide specifications on all statistical matters relevant to the assigned project, including developing and overseeing operational processes, study design, quality assurance, communication of methods and results, data stewardship, and statistical operations.
Contribute to or review the statistical sections of reports and other deliverables for technical clarity and effectiveness in addressing the substantive question at hand.
Contribute to analyses disseminated via reports or presented at professional meetings; may present results at conferences and to clients.
May carry out substantive analysis on projects with analytical deliverables under close supervision, and assist in proposal activities related to sampling, variance estimation, analysis, and/or study design tasks.
Participate in proposal activities.
Interact with clients on a limited basis to clarify their needs, report on progress, resolve problems, allay concerns, and provide information and recommendations; develop and maintain good cross-departmental and intra-departmental working relationships.
Perform other duties as assigned.


REQUIRED SKILLS:
Master's Degree in Statistics, Biostatistics or Data Science/Analytics preferred, or Bachelor's Degree with 3 years or more of relevant work experience in statistical methodology.
Knowledge of the principles, processes, and methods of statistical research and application; understanding of analytic or sampling methods.
Problem-solving capability and computation skills. Able to work on multiple projects simultaneously.
Aptitude for report writing/proposal writing.
Proficiency with MS Office software; proficiency with statistical analysis packages.


WHAT WE DO:

NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. Since 1941, our teams have conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with us to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.

WHO WE ARE:

For over 75 years, NORC has evolved in many ways, moving the needle with research methods, technical applications and groundbreaking research findings. But our tradition of excellence, passion for innovation, and commitment to collegiality have remained constant components of who we are as a brand, and who each of us is as a member of the NORC team. With world-class benefits, a business casual environment, and an emphasis on continuous learning, NORC is a place where people join for the stellar research and analysis work for which we’re known, and stay for the relationships they form with their colleagues who take pride in the impact their work is making on a global scale.

EEO STATEMENT:

NORC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. NORC evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.

Advertised: February 19, 2021 Central Standard Time Applications close: June 4, 2021 Central Daylight Time"
98	30+ days ago	Ad Hoc Labs	Senior Business Intelligence / Data Analyst	"Ad Hoc Labs are the makers of Firewall, Dialed, and Burner, one of the top-grossing independent apps in the world. Our mission is to build best-in-class software products that empower our millions of customers with better control of their privacy, communications, and identity, and to do it as a self-sustaining company whose culture and practices we can be proud of.
Our bestselling app Burner has been the category leader in virtual phone number apps for more than five years, serving millions of consumers with a way to generate additional phone numbers when needed, keep them indefinitely or use them only temporarily, and delete them when finished – all without the hassle of wireless carriers or contracts. Burner was named a top 50 app by TIME and has been covered extensively in the press, including the New York Times who said “a thin layer of privacy between yourself and the rest of the world, when needed, is hard to put a price on”.
As a Senior BI / Data Analyst you will work with stakeholders across Ad Hoc Lab’s mobile app business to help us make smarter, data-driven decisions and to inform company-wide strategy as we continue to grow. Specifically, you will work closely with an experienced data team leader, as well as product, marketing, engineering, and leadership. This position provides the opportunity to manage business intelligence reporting, while using your creativity and analytical horsepower to answer our biggest and most valuable questions.
Responsibilities
Analyze user behavior to identify patterns, uncover opportunities, and create a shared understanding of how our subscribers are engaging with the product
Define KPIs, build dashboards, reports, and models to help teams make faster, better decisions; develop financial models and forecasts including LTV and cohort models to connect our product metrics to the future revenues of the company
Partner with product teams to develop and analyze in-app experiments, running statistical analyses to determine which outcomes are most successful
Work collaboratively with marketing to analyze trends and experiments, and ensure our mobile app data is accurate and integrated so we have the infrastructure to measure our growth KPIs
Become an expert in all of our data and collaborate with engineers to define key data needs and maximize the value of data from all of our sources
Who we're looking for
You have 4+ years of experience in a hands-on analytical role
You have experience working on mobile apps, in a tech startup, and/or on marketing/product analytics
You have strong to expert level SQL skills
You have experience working with data and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker, Chartio); we use Tableau, Amplitude, and Redshift
You are a problem solver who is excited to take on new challenges and critically think about how to answer the company’s biggest questions
You approach problems creatively and build structure out of ambiguous requests
You are self-motivated, detail-oriented, learn autonomously, and highly organized
You are great at translating information between highly technical colleagues (e.g. engineers), and more business minded colleagues
You've worked on a small, highly collaborative team
Other useful experiences
Statistical analysis experience, especially in regards to running product or operational experiments
Experience with the mobile data sources, app stores, and MMPs
Experience working with growth marketing teamsExperience developing data forecast models
Familiarity with AWS, other cloud computing services, and/or ETL tools
What we offer you
Health and Dental coverage for employees, dependents, and domestic partners
401K with company 4% match
Meaningful work on an innovative and growing set of products
Collaborative, cross-functional work culture with an emphasis on autonomy and communication
Investment in career development, including training, conferences, and online learning resources
Work remotely in style. Get a stipend to set up or enhance your remote work setup.
We are looking for team players who want to grow rapidly in their career. We think these skills and experiences make a good fit for this role. There is no such thing as a perfect fit - we want to hear from you if you believe you have the chops and are excited about what we do.
During the current pandemic, Ad Hoc Labs is a fully remote company and we anticipate remaining that way through 2021. Candidate needs to be able to maintain a productive remote working environment with access to video quality internet.
We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive company and we encourage applications from candidates of all backgrounds."
99	30+ days ago	Micro Focus	Development Lead at Vertica (Machine Learning) (US - REMOTE)	"Job Description:
Title: Development Lead at Vertica (Machine Learning) (US - REMOTE)
Location: Remote Eligible
Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. That’s why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. That’s why we’re so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.
About your role
You will lead, mentor and develop a highly talented and growing team at Vertica.
You will design, implement and optimize innovative machine learning algorithms and features to help our customers uncover hidden patterns, correlations, and other valuable insights from massive amounts of data. To do this you'll need to design and implement ML algorithms including but not limited to XGBoost, KNN and ARIMA in Vertica’s MPP architecture to crunch petabytes of data.
You'll work on low-level systems code (C++) to make ML algorithms run orders of magnitude faster. And you'll enhance the Vertica Software Development Kit (SDK) and core infrastructure to integrate Vertica with ML frameworks.
It is an exciting time to join the team, as Vertica paves the way for scalable in-database machine learning on petabytes of data.
Required skills 5+ years of combined experience in software development and management of the development team. Customer focus with knowledge of major machine learning use cases in the industry. C/C++ or Java Essential algorithms and data structures. Experience with large scale distributed systems. Ability to work in a cross-functional team with PM, QA, Documentation, and others. Willingness and ability to hire and mentor team members and interns. Excellent communication and strong analytical thinking skills. Experience with Machine Learning tools/libraries like Apache Spark, H20, TensorFlow, PyTorch, or others.
Desired/Preferred skills MS or PhD in Machine Learning or Computer Science. Proficiency in Python and SQL. Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures. Knowledge/experience of putting machine learning models into production over distributed architecture with one or more of the following: classification, regression, recommendation systems, time-series, or ranking systems. Experience in the development of enterprise-grade ML platforms. Database fundamentals
About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica.
About our product
Vertica provides a state-of-the-art Big Data Analytics platform that handles petabytes of data. It is a commercially successful, high performance, distributed database. Every industry is finding ways to benefit from data analytics. We continue to engineer our product to be flexible so that it supports all of them. Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the world’s most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!
#LI-GC2
#DiceGC
Job:
Engineering
Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status"
100	30+ days ago	Hello Alice	Lead Data Scientist	"Work with a Purpose:
At Hello Alice we are about equal access fueled by technology and powered by everyone who believes that diverse small business participation isn’t just the right thing to do, but the smart thing to do. That’s true of our small business owners, and it’s true of our team. If you agree, keep reading.

Job Summary:
As the Lead Data Scientist, you’ll utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. Develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations. You will turn your learning into narratives that support the business, product development and researchers from other areas including user research and marketing research. Your work will have a direct impact on requirements specification, business processes, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
You’ll report directly to the VP of Product and will inform and influence decisions using data and research, using analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets.

Role and Responsibilities:
Here’s what you’ll be working on day-to-day, but as a nimble organization that puts our small business community at the forefront, flexibility is key, and other responsibilities may arise.
Apply various data science methods to understanding the most important aspects of our product, users, and business.
Organizing disparate facts and findings into powerful narratives that have the broadest possible application within Hello Alice.
Evangelizing evidence-based decision making by partnering with key decision makers and driving general accessibility of data and insights.
Design and build data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes.
Determine new ways to improve data and search quality, and predictive capabilities.
Perform and interpret data studies and product experiments concerning new data sources or new uses for existing data sources.
Develop prototypes, proof of concepts, algorithms, predictive models, and custom analysis.
Provide research on topics including Hello Alice's business model and recommendation techniques.
Produce quantitative and qualitative modeling of business dynamics, user behavior, etc.

Required Skills and Experiences:
5+ years of professional industry experience doing quantitative analysis. An advanced degree (MS, PhD) in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Economics, Physics) a plus.
Experience in Fintech is highly desirable.
Productivity Tools - Email, Microsoft Office or equivalent
Agile Tools - Trello, Jira, or TFS
Expert in at least one programming language for data analysis - (e.g. Python, R, MATLAB, pandas)
Experience working with data technologies that allow effective storage and analysis of large amounts of data - (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Presto, S3, etc)
Expert in designing and testing experiments.
Experience with statistical and machine learning methods to build descriptive and predictive models.
Benefits & Perks
Generous PTO days
Competitive compensation, benefit, and equity package
Work from home stipend
Professional development
Diverse, fun, and unique work environment

About Hello Alice:
Hello Alice is a digital passport through entrepreneurship, connecting small business owners and entrepreneurs to the resources they need to grow and scale their companies, regardless of industry, geography, capitalization, prior experience or cultural constraints. We’re a passionate team building a rapidly-growing, predictive technology that supports hundreds of thousands of small business owners from all 50 states and beyond through our free digital platform, helloalice.com. Hello Alice serves all entrepreneurs, and we wholeheartedly believe that if New Majority business owners -- women, people of color, those with military connection, the LGBTQ+ community, entrepreneurs with disabilities, founders from small towns, and immigrants -- are provided better access to capital and growth resources, they can change the world, positively impact our economy, and generate jobs for all. Hello Alice is a venture-backed company with solid financials and a notable list of investors. With 1,100%+ 12-month acquisition growth and 600%+ LTM revenue growth, this is your opportunity to join a blitzscaling venture.
Hello Alice is a fully remote team, so all United States locations are considered.
Hello Alice is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that will consider all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
www.helloalice.com // Twitter // Facebook // Instagram // LinkedIn"
101	Active 6 days ago	Sorcero	Machine Learning Engineer	"Machine Learning Engineer
Sorcero, the leader in Language Intelligence, the next-generation of deep learning powered Natural Language Understanding, is immediately hiring a ML Engineer to join the engineering team. Sorcero has been selected by Business Insider as one of the 81 startups expected to boom in 2021, this is an opportunity to engage with high-profile enterprise customers to create something genuinely new and significant.
Why Join Sorcero?
We are making serious strides towards transforming decision-making for key technical industries, like Life Sciences, Healthcare, Insurance, and Engineering, that power the world and you would be a critical part of our success. We have incredible insights into markets and how to build technology that is powerful and differentiated. All while solving huge challenges in people's lives and health that were previously intractable to prior generations of technology. You will help us move even faster.
You'll join a team of brilliant, passionate people working collaboratively to build a sustainable, scalable organization committed to using understanding to create a better world.
You'll be empowered to innovate and apply your intellectual curiosity to interesting technical & business challenges.
You'll actively work to transform an established approach to work and learning with groundbreaking, bleeding edge technology.
You are in the pursuit of mastery and excellence, and are seeking a space and people who share your obsession
Job Opportunity
Sorcero is currently seeking three (3) Machine Learning Engineers specialised in Natural Language Processing and Understanding (or what we like to call an Apprentice NLP Wizard) to help grow our current AI solutions with creative and innovative approaches. You will work with our in-house and contracted platform development team, and work with our technology team to build a ground-breaking knowledge platform. We are looking for an engineer as passionate as we are about building machines that truly understand language and can aid subject matter experts better navigate their workflows.
Not to be negative, but don't waste your time if:
you just want to apply off-the-shelf AI tools to existing data sets;
you've never tried to read the code of an application or library to either (a) fix it or (b) understand how it did something;
you are afraid of the unknown.
Responsibilities
As our ML Engineer, you will be responsible for building end to end ML models, particularly in areas where labelled data is either scarce or non-existing. Out-of-the-box thinking will be required to bring solutions to problems that do not have an established solution. Managing source-code version control discipline (Git) and overseeing code delivery into our projects, testing, and deployment. We are looking for someone with strong engineering discipline and a pragmatic focus on delivering functional code, not allegiance to any one language. We value creativity, the hacker ethos, the near-obsessive focus on building something that will make the future come a bit closer into focus. This role will report to the Lead AI engineer. The ML engineer can be based remotely but will need to work during business hours in US eastern time. We are offering a competitive base salary/benefits package and equity.
Requirements
Have at least three years (two if you don't sleep very much) of recent experience in Python
Have demonstrable experience in all aspects of the ML lifecycle (processing, training, evaluating, deploying, serving, monitoring), preferably in the NLP domain
Are curious and somewhat educated (formally or informally) about cognition and language
Have at least a year's experience with collaborative software development practices (i.e. source control, issues, milestones, code reviews, etc)
Can work (and have worked) late and/or early under the influence of a deadline or inspiration
Can communicate and work well with non-technical or less-technical folks
Can collaborate well with team members who are located across the globe
Aren't afraid of a little math now and then
Have just the right amount of ego
Preferred Qualifications
MSc./PhD in Computer Science, AI or related fields from a top tier university
Expertise in one or more of the following domains: Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and Natural Language Generation (NLG), Graph Algorithms, Machine Learning.
Strong background in developing and deploying ML models (participation in Kaggle competitions is a plus).
Past participation in the technology role in a prior venture-funded startup
Self starter who can be productive from the first day
A sense of humor, and calm under pressure
About Sorcero
Understanding is the key to intelligence. With this principle at heart, we leverage Language Intelligence to give our customers fluid and fluent access to and control over the inherent complexities of their businesses. At Sorcero, we believe in augmenting human beings, not replacing them. Our platform gently directs users towards the right answer, and always supports human experts.
Because (human + AI) > human or AI alone
Sorcero is an Equal Opportunity Employer dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse environment, and strongly encourages applications from diverse candidates."
102	30+ days ago	Orum	Machine Learning Engineer	"Founded by Fintech executives from LearnVest, N26 and Stash and backed by Bain Capital Ventures, Homebrew and Inspired Capital, Orum is powering the future of financial services by enabling immediate, frictionless money movement. Orum's API-based product gives enterprise customers unique funds availability modeling, empowering them with the information required to shift to real-time payments, and then grants access to real-time payment rails without necessitating a bank integration. Orum’s flagship product, Foresight is currently available via Private Beta.
We’re a remote-first company building a geographically distributed team. We believe that working remotely presents a unique opportunity to build a diverse team that opportunistically leverages distance to asynchronously work better . If you’d like to play a part in crystallizing the vision of a world where money is smart, real time, and fully automated, we’d love to hear from you.
This is a unique, exciting opportunity to help build data systems from the ground up. We are looking for engineers who have an interest in working closely with data scientists to join Orum’s technology team. Data is at the primary driver of our business value, and solving challenging problems around the transfer, storage, query engines and model automation will drive key success for our products.
Exceptional data systems will be the backbone of Orum's first products brought to market. The ideal candidate can think critically and creatively to scale machine learning models across large-scale data and distributed systems. They will have an opportunity to define our data systems architecture and technology stack. We believe our data architecture and tooling will be supporting many aspects of our business including operations and strategy functions.

Responsibilities for the Machine Learning Engineer
Scale and deploy models, build training datasets and tune parameters to optimize system performance.
Conduct literature reviews, research, and prototypes to implement machine learning models at scale and speed
Analyze and validate large, complex data sets to serve requirements for ongoing modeling and feature identification and extraction
Take end-to-end ownership over machine learning systems, including internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, employing novel techniques, etc.
Keep our data separated and secure across multiple accounts and environments
Provide technical guidance in machine learning experiments and projects and participate in developing our product and machine learning road maps
Requirements

Our ideal candidate will have:
Professional experience across the machine learning development life cycle, from ideation to pipelines to production
Proficiency in big data tools and distributed query systems: Spark, AWS EMR, AWS Glue, AWS Step Functions
Familiarity with and interest in machine learning methods and statistical principles, including experience in Bayesian statistics, decision trees, clustering, and/or time series forecasting
Working SQL knowledge as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases and other data storage practices, such as data lakes or warehousing
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets
Professional experience building processes that support data transformation, define data structures, extract or annotate metadata
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Familiarity of software development principles such as agile software development, git flow, test-driven development, etc.
Benefits
We offer medical, dental and vision health plans, as well as other benefits including a 401K.

Orum.io provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws."
103	30+ days ago	Pfizer	Data Management - Clinical Data Scientist	"ROLE SUMMARY
As part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data.
ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence
Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation, testing and implementation of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an electronic data capture (EDC) system and/or other data collection systems.
Serve as a technical resource to the study teams for DM and RBM standards, tools, data provisioning, and reporting
Partners with Research/Business Units and any external DM service provider to deliver high quality data management for all studies as assigned.
Proactively drives quality and efficiency to meet timeline and milestones for data management, ensuring scientific and operational excellence in support of strategic imperatives and in collaboration with the cross functional study team (s).
Ensure work carried out by DM providers is in accordance with applicable SOPs and working practices.
Ensure the required study-specific DM&M documents in the Trial Master File (TMF) are of high quality and are filed contemporaneously.
Ensure operational excellence in collaboration with partners for application of standards, data acquisition, proactive data review and data integrity monitoring, data cleaning, e-data processing, data access and visualization, and database release.
QUALIFICATIONS
Proficient experience using Oracle Inform EDC software
Experience with Oracle DMW preferred
Working experience applying CDISC CDASH standards
Demonstrated successful experience in all relevant clinical data management activities in a BioPharmaceutical or CRO setting
Working knowledge of all phases of clinical trials and ability to assess and determine study requirement from protocol review
Strong Project and Risk Management
CRO and vendor oversight experience preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Consistent, detail oriented, communicative, dedicated to do a job well done
Minimum 5 years Data Management experience required
Working knowledge of clinical research, FDA & ICH, GCP, GCDMP, and related regulatory requirements
Experience using data visualization tools (e.g. Spotfire, jReview)
Familiarity with MedDRA/WHO-Drug
Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office Suite of tools (Outlook, Word, Excel, etc.)
Bachelor’s degree required or at least 15 years of relevant data management experience.
This role can be remote based but we prefer new hires to be located at one of the listed locations and be on-site at least 3 days per week.
For roles based in Colorado:
The annual base salary for this position ranges from $84,800 to $141,300 In addition, this position offers an annual bonus with a target of 10% of the base salary and eligibility to participate in our share based long term incentive program. Benefits offered include a retirement savings plan, paid vacation, holiday and personal days, paid caregiver/parental and medical leave, and health benefits to include medical, prescription drug, dental and vision coverage in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plans.
#LI-PFE
#LI-Remote
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Medical
#LI-PFE"
104	7 days ago	Improvix Technologies	Data Scientist (Remote)	"Role: Data Science Analyst
Location: Remote (Washington, DC preferred)
Type: Full-Time

Clearance: Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance

Minimum of 3 years (5-7 years preferred) performing exploratory data analysis to understand the characteristics of a data set and identify potential issues.
Demonstrated experience of efficient manipulation and wrangling of large datasets
Hands on experience and expertise with SQL, Python or PySpark (preferred), or R
Comfortable dealing with ambiguity, making assumptions, drawing conclusions and distilling complex analysis for non-technical audiences.
Strong data visualization skills (Tableau preferred)
Experience with data warehousing, and knowledge of ETL/ELT best practices.
Familiarity with the AWS data ecosystem (S3, AWS Glue, EMR, etc.)
Comfortable working cross-functionally with different parts of the data analytical areas, and with distributed teams across multiple time zones.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, high-energy environment with shifting priorities.
Outstanding communication skills and a good team player


-

Improvix Technologies, Inc. is an Information Technology and Services company focused on developing, implementing, and managing secure mobile technology solutions. We invite you to join our dynamic organization serving federal and corporate clients. Improvix Technologies offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package to provide our employees with financial and health protection and advantages they deserve. Our benefits include 401K matching, life insurance, up to four weeks of paid annual leave, transit and training compensation, health, dental and vision benefits.
-

Improvix Technologies, Inc. is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sexual orientation, religion, age, national origin, disability status or any other class protected by law. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions."
105	30+ days ago	NewWave HQ	Junior Data Scientist	"Overview:

iQuartic is a dynamic and growing company that helps customers solve critical healthcare problems and empower stakeholders with reliable, actionable intelligence using state-of-the-art data science and AI solutions.
Our diverse and compassionate team brings deep experience in healthcare and technology to lead the healthcare revolution and bring innovative and high value care using intelligence from data.
The Data Scientist role is a blend of hands-on development and architecture design data science work, supporting our product, sales, and marketing teams.
The Data Scientist will use the latest AI/Machine Learning techniques and large data sets to support and transform our product, product roadmap, and process optimization and automation. The role encompasses using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running prototypes, MVPs, and products, and building solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
The new Data Scientist will be part of the Global Data Science and AI Team, based in our Montreal headquarter. You will report to the Vice President of Technology.
Responsibilities:
The Data Scientist will work closely with the data science team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR, machine learning, deep learning, transfer learning, computer vision, and NLP techniques to develop digitization software for medical record scans.
Transform our ICD Extraction NLP model, Visit Recognition NLP model, etc
Be part of a highly energized team where you will import the latest AI/Machine Learning techniques from industry and academia, design and implement software solutions for a broad range of NLP/CV problems typically found in the healthcare domain.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Drive company AI strategy, product development, and product roadmap.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze machine learning model performance and data accuracy.
Qualifications:

Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., Mathematics, Linguistics, Computer Science.
>2 years industry or academic experience in applied NLP, CV, DL, TL.
Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal skills, and team collaboration.
Specialization in OCR is strongly preferred. Understanding of Transformers, ELMO, XLNet, Albert, BERT is preferred but not required.
Experiences with healthcare industry practices and medical coding a plus, but not required.
Demonstrates proficiency with:
Python, Scala, Java, or R for product development and to draw insights from large data sets.
OCR libraries such as Tesseract, PyOCR, OpenCV, .NET OCR SDK, etc.
NumPy and Pandas libraries for extracting, cleaning, transforming, and preprocessing data sets.
Supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques. This includes regression models, decision tree models, clustering, and deep learning. Hands-on experience with Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch.
Data visualization and performing model diagnostics. Understand learning curves, work with tools such as Matplotlib, Tableau, etc.
Experiences using NLTK, spaCy, Stanford NLP, Open NLP, or Spark NLP.
Experience with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform services.
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on applied research and product development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.).
Experience working with and creating data and ML models architectures.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, transfer learning, GAN) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
A drive to explore, research, learn, and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience using web services: S3, Spark, MongoDB, Redshift, KEDA, Kafka, Flask, MLflow, Kubeflow, etc."
106	30+ days ago	Dascena	Clinical Data Scientist	"Clinical Data Scientist (Remote)
At Dascena, we are applying cutting edge machine learning techniques in order to help save lives. We have partnered with hospitals across the country in order to deploy predictive machine learning technologies that assist clinicians in providing the best care to their patients.
 As a Clinical Data Scientist at Dascena, you will be part of a small, focused team of data scientists, scientific writers, and data engineers that manage Dascena’s research arm. From writing and publishing research papers to developing grants for government funding, you will help drive the industry forward with your research.
If you have a passion for working on large datasets, doing in-depth research, learning and implementing the newest techniques, and brainstorming the next best idea, then please apply today!
 Responsibilities
Carry out exploratory data analyses to understand complex datasets and complex problems
Design and implement statistical experiments to test and validate hypotheses
Deploy and iterate machine learning models on large datasets
Communicate design and impact of data science projects in research papers and research grants
Learn new techniques in the worlds of machine learning and deep learning and put them into practice to develop novel approaches in the domain of health
Collaborate with the engineering team to drive cross-product data projects
Mentor and recruit data science interns to train the next generation of health analysts!
Qualifications
Bachelor or graduate degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Bioinformatics, or related field
2+ years of experience in Data Science related jobs
Strong Python skills, and fluency with the numeric and scientific libraries in the Python ecosystem
Experience applying machine learning/deep learning techniques to large datasets
Experience working in a Linux environment
Excellent communication and writing skills
Knowledge and experience in the healthcare industry is a plus
Experience working with clinical data in a machine learning setting is a plus
Experience with iterative, test-driven development and championing projects, from development to finished product
Benefits & Perks
Competitive compensation
Health benefits
Flexible hours and PTO
Remote work
Other Information:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
To build a diverse workforce, Dascena encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. Dascena is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
kHYYcVKqMR"
107	21 days ago	Avant	Data Scientist / Analyst (Remote)	"Avant is dedicated to building premier digital banking solutions for the middle class through a combination of technology, analytics and superior customer service. Since 2012, Avant has connected over 1.5 million customers to over $7.5 billion in loans and 500,000 credit cards. A high growth financial technology company, Avant has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, TechCrunch, Fortune, Bloomberg, and has raised over $600 million of equity capital. Visit www.avant.com for more information.
Do you want to help a rapidly ascending FinTech company drive its next phase of growth? If so, Avant is looking for you. We’re building a best-in-class banking organization, and there’s a lot of opportunity to grow your skills and your career here. Come join us! Avant is looking for an experienced Data Scientist who’s ready to help build our banking product. As a Data Scientist you will be expected to help this team set the right mix of goals that will impact the whole business. A successful Data Scientist will collaborate with our product managers, data and engineering teams to proactively influence the direction of the company.
This position is Remote Eligible.
#LI- SA1
What you will do at Avant:
Work with stakeholders throughout the company to identify opportunities for leveraging company data and third-party vendor data to drive business solutions
Analyze product tests and recommend changes based on the data.
Design and implement a/b tests to gain the data we need to make the best product possible.
Analyze trends and connect data in new and innovative ways.
Work with the team to measure impact and make updates to the model and service as needed.
Communicate results, explain behavior of models, and set appropriate expectations with stakeholders.
Strategize on building models and assist with deployments into production.
Take ownership of specific business problems and goals.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies
Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for modeling and analysis
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner to Sr. Management
Develop and enhance processes and tools to monitor model performance and input data accuracy
Why you are fit for Avant:
Bachelor's Degree in statistics, machine learning, computer science, econometrics, or other quantitative field
2+ years of financial services experience.
2+ years of analytical experience
Prior experience in statistics and machine learning modeling techniques through coursework or professional experience
Expertise in at least one statistical programming language such as R or Python
Proven ability to communicate findings clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences
Knowledge of SQL and data manipulation
Strong Python skills, including object-oriented programming.
A desire to work hard and do what it takes to build a product
Enthusiasm to help other departments as needed and to foster a data-driven culture at Avant
Passionate about building the best financial services experience out there.
Experience with the different types of machine learning techniques.


Why Avant is a fit for you:
At Avant, we believe our values make a difference:
We value, support, and help each other grow
We are committed to active inclusion and diversity
We are transparent and believe the best idea wins
We succeed when our customers succeed
We get sh!t done… responsibly
And we keep it fun!
We believe that ideas are more important than titles, everything is more fun together, everyone drives change, and everyone is an owner. While we believe the perks and benefits that we offer are terrific, nothing excites us more than having the ability to collaborate with intelligent, highly-motivated and talented people on challenging problems as we work to change the face of online lending.
Avant is an equal opportunity employer and individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation or gender identity), age, disability or genetic information or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance."
108	30+ days ago	Microcred	Data Scientist	"Medium’s mission is to help people deepen their understanding of the world and discover ideas that matter. We are building a place where ideas are judged on the value they provide to readers, not the fleeting attention they can attract for advertisers. We are creating the best place for reading and writing on the internet—a place where today’s smartest writers, thinkers, experts, and storytellers can share big, interesting ideas.
We are looking for a Data Scientist who will help us build a new future for the written word on the web, as part of a team that translates data into actionable insights. Broadly, Data Scientists at Medium focus on analysis — interpreting data, sharing insights, and developing models that improve the product. We work together to analyze patterns at a macro level, answering questions the rest of the company hasn’t thought to ask yet.
You’ll spend most of your time working on a product team: a group of engineers, designers, a product manager, and you, the Data Scientist, all working together in a small group to build new features. You’ll extract key data and findings, define metrics, evaluate A|B tests, identify opportunities based on the data, and share new insights that no one considered before. You’ll bring data to bear on a set of thorny questions at the intersection of tech and media, helping us grow our ecosystem of readers and writers and build a new economic model for written content.
On the day to day, you will
Partner with a diverse range of stakeholders in editorial, engineering, marketing and product management to extract actionable insight from our usage data
Be an organization-wide advocate for evidence-based decision-making and the use of data
Build dashboards and reports that provide visibility into how people use our products.
Build statistical models that help us understand the ins and outs of how users experience our products
Design and analyze experiments to answer key business questions.
Build data pipelines and models that enable incisive analyses and performant data visualizations
You should have
2+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis at a consumer-facing technology company
Experience with data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment
Experience writing and optimizing complex SQL queries on large data sets
Knowledge of inferential statistics, especially in an experimentation setting (hypothesis testing, power analysis, experimental design)
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product
Experience manipulating large data sets through SQL or Python
Nice to have
Development experience in Python
Experience developing in Looker
Natural Language processing (NLP) with large data sets
Experience in big data technologies like Spark
At Medium, we foster an inclusive, supportive, fun yet challenging team environment. We value having a team that is made up of a diverse set of backgrounds and respect the healthy expression of diverse opinions. We embrace experimentation and the examination of all kinds of ideas through reasoning and testing. Come join us as we continue to change the world of digital media. Medium is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested? We'd love to hear from you.
Please note that communication regarding your application, interviews, and job offers will only come from e-mail addresses ending in""@medium.com"". Anything else is not a legitimate outreach."
109	30+ days ago	Everyday Health - Pregnancy & Parenting	Data Scientist - Everyday Health	"Everyday Health Group’s Pregnancy & Parenting division operates What to Expect and BabyCenter, the world’s most-recognized pregnancy and parenting brands. We reach millions of families worldwide every month through our global websites, mobile apps, online communities, email, and social platforms, guiding parents through every step of the parenting journey – from preconception and pregnancy to the baby years and beyond.
As a Data Scientist at Everyday Health Pregnancy & Parenting, you will collaborate closely with Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Product and business stakeholders to identify and develop data driven solutions to support business priorities. Duties will include researching, deploying and maintaining statistical models, and transforming data into actionable insights.
Responsibilities will include:
Identifying, processing and cleansing data from multiple business sources
Applying various data science techniques, such as statistical modeling and machine learning, to maintain existing and develop new data solutions
Writing Airflow DAGs to process data and deploy models into production
Maintaining Shiny.io Dashboard to monitor data science models in production
Performing deep analysis and presenting actionable insights to stakeholders
Assisting Data Analytics with ahoc explorations
Minimum requirements:
2+ years experience building data products in a production environment
Knowledge and experience in at least one of the following statistical and data mining techniques: classification, regression, collaborative content recommenders, and natural language processing pipelines
End-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, analysis, and visualization
Experience writing production code in Python
Advanced SQL fluency
Demonstrated ability to identify meaningful relationships in data
Problem-solver with demonstrated ability to find novel solutions to complex problems
A growth mindset and collaborative spirit
Preferred experience with any of the following:
Airflow or experience writing ETL jobs
AWS S3 and Redshift; Google Big Query
R or other programming languages
BI Dashboarding Tools: Looker, Shiny Apps
Applications of deep neural networks

Our Culture and Values
We love collaboration, always desire to understand the business problem we’re solving, push decisions down as low as possible, and want to further our culture of innovation and experimentation. We created our values together, to embody both our audience goals and our workplace aspirations: to promote diversity and create opportunities; to be authentic; to enable wellness; to ignite passion and reimagine possibilities; to be results driven with a bias toward action; and to inspire connectedness.
About Everyday Health
At Everyday Health Group, a division of J2 Global®, we work in a culture of collaboration and welcome those who desire to join our growing global community. We believe in careers versus jobs and people versus employees. We seek enthusiastic individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit looking for an environment that rewards your best work.
Everyday Health offers competitive salaries in addition to robust health and wellness focused benefits including medical, dental, vision, life and disability benefits; Flexible Spending accounts, 401(k) with company match, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Pregnancy and Parental leave, Family Planning Support via Maven, Flexible Time Off, Volunteer Time Off, Fitness Reimbursement as well as employee-focused engagement and education programs, including Employee Resource Groups and company-sponsored events. If you’re seeking a dynamic work environment where you can see the direct impact of your performance, then Everyday Health is the place for you.
Everyday Health Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and equitable environment for all employees.
#EverydayHealth
#LI-CL1
#LI-Remote"
110	30+ days ago	DialogTech	Data Scientist	"DialogTech provides the leading AI-driven conversation intelligence platform for marketers at businesses that value inbound phone calls. When consumers call, DialogTech turns those conversations into actionable insights businesses use to improve marketing ROI, increase sales conversions, and deliver more personalized customer experiences, both online and over the phone. Recognized as the leader and pioneer in call analytics since 2007, DialogTech is the trusted conversation intelligence platform for many of the world's most successful brands and agencies.
We are looking for a passionate, driven, and curious Data Scientist with strong analytical skills to join our Data Science and Analytics team. Your specific title will be commensurate with your experience and skill set. In this role you’ll work with other members of our team to identify new models and algorithms to solve our customers’ business problems. You'll be expected to keep up with current trends in technologies that can be used to improve our data science product offerings.
As a member of our team you’ll:
Craft experiments that drive engagement and other goals.
Work with both structured and unstructured data from our platform.
Investigate ways to demonstrate our conversational data with other types of data from our platform.
Work with customers and product owners to identify business problems.
Visualize results efficient to tell a narrative using data.
Be responsible for the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to seek problems and optimize the product.
Work within a collaborative environment.
Experiment, evaluate, and recommend new technologies and innovative approaches that are appropriate for our business needs.
Required Experience:
Bachelors degree in Analytics/Data Science/Computer Science or related field.
2+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Machine Learning
Strong Math skills: statistics, probability, calculus, and linear algebra.
Experience with the Python data science stack and at least one deep learning framework (Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc).
Experience with NLP methodologies such as word vectorisation, document embedding/similarity, topic modelling, and classification.
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Understanding of the scientific process and experiment design.
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Ability to provide thought leadership around machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Python skills: Modules, Objects/Classes, package installation
Familiarity with SQL queries and relational databases.
A close attention to detail in all aspects of your work
Some nice to haves:
Master’s degree in Analytics/Data Science/Computer Science or related field. (preferred)
Experience with Digital Marketing domain, Google Analytics, Adwords, etc.
Familiarity with cloud computing (AWS preferred), clusters, etc.
Familiarity with ElasticSearch, or other document data stores.
Solid understanding of PyTorch 1.0+
Familiarity with sophisticated NLP methodologies such as question answering, summarisation, generative text approaches, and Transformer models.
Join us at one of the 101 Best and Brightest Places to Work in Chicago and nationally, 11 times running, Chicago Tribune's Top 100 Workplaces company and a 2017 Crain's Fast 50 company!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
111	30+ days ago	Medium	Data Scientist	"Medium’s mission is to help people deepen their understanding of the world and discover ideas that matter. We are building a place where ideas are judged on the value they provide to readers, not the fleeting attention they can attract for advertisers. We are creating the best place for reading and writing on the internet—a place where today’s smartest writers, thinkers, experts, and storytellers can share big, interesting ideas.
We are looking for a Data Scientist who will help us build a new future for the written word on the web, as part of a team that translates data into actionable insights. Broadly, Data Scientists at Medium focus on analysis — interpreting data, sharing insights, and developing models that improve the product. We work together to analyze patterns at a macro level, answering questions the rest of the company hasn’t thought to ask yet.
You’ll spend most of your time working on a product team: a group of engineers, designers, a product manager, and you, the Data Scientist, all working together in a small group to build new features. You’ll extract key data and findings, define metrics, evaluate A|B tests, identify opportunities based on the data, and share new insights that no one considered before. You’ll bring data to bear on a set of thorny questions at the intersection of tech and media, helping us grow our ecosystem of readers and writers and build a new economic model for written content.
On the day to day, you will
Partner with a diverse range of stakeholders in editorial, engineering, marketing and product management to extract actionable insight from our usage data
Be an organization-wide advocate for evidence-based decision-making and the use of data
Build dashboards and reports that provide visibility into how people use our products.
Build statistical models that help us understand the ins and outs of how users experience our products
Design and analyze experiments to answer key business questions.
Build data pipelines and models that enable incisive analyses and performant data visualizations
You should have
2+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis at a consumer-facing technology company
Experience with data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment
Experience writing and optimizing complex SQL queries on large data sets
Knowledge of inferential statistics, especially in an experimentation setting (hypothesis testing, power analysis, experimental design)
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product
Experience manipulating large data sets through SQL or Python
Nice to have
Development experience in Python
Experience developing in Looker
Natural Language processing (NLP) with large data sets
Experience in big data technologies like Spark
At Medium, we foster an inclusive, supportive, fun yet challenging team environment. We value having a team that is made up of a diverse set of backgrounds and respect the healthy expression of diverse opinions. We embrace experimentation and the examination of all kinds of ideas through reasoning and testing. Come join us as we continue to change the world of digital media. Medium is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested? We'd love to hear from you.
Please note that communication regarding your application, interviews, and job offers will only come from e-mail addresses ending in""@medium.com"". Anything else is not a legitimate outreach."
112	Active 8 days ago	Tricky Fast Studios, LLC	Mid-Level Unreal and Havok AI Engineer	Tricky Fast Studios is looking for a mid level engineer with Unreal and Havok AI experience. We work with all different types of games and often with well-known IPs. We are looking for people with a broad range of experience and 2 or more shipped titles. The work is full time and remote, but the position is restricted to those located in the US or Canada.Requirements: 2+ years of experience working with the Unreal Engine.2+ years of experience working with the Havok AI navigation engine.2+ years of experience developing for consoles.Experience with prototyping.At least two shipped games.Nice to have: Experience developing for consoles.Job Type: Full-timeWork Location:Fully Remote
113	30+ days ago	Finexio	Senior Data Analyst	"Finexio is simplifying the way businesses make and receive business payments by integrating electronic payments and cashflow improvement solutions directly into customers’ business process software.
Our vision is a world in which finance leaders only have to decide “what” to pay- Finexio’s software seamlessly handles the “how” and the “when”.
We’ve raised $30m from venture capitalists and have grown over 100% 3 years in a row and counting.

We seek an experienced data professional to join our Analytics and Insights team to support critical initiatives and daily operations. This role will leverage the latest tools and techniques for internal and customer-facing data applications, develop our unique and novel data, and identify predictive modeling opportunities to serve diverse user base needs better.
The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience in developing and deploying data pipelines, statistical and analytics models, designing hypotheses and executing exploratory data analysis as well tests, and creating integrated feedback mechanisms.
Requirements

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build and Improve data pipelines, as well as continually improve the operations, monitoring, performance, and quality of the Data Warehouse.
Work with stakeholders to define objectives and measure success, establish KPIs and measurement methodologies.
Provide data services to users within other functional departments.
Understand product management and how data can be the biggest driver for product development.
Apply advanced knowledge of SQL and the ability to extract and develop complex modeling features.
Build learning models using SQL and Python, which can recommend or inform optimal product, marketing, finance, and operations decisions.
Provide actionable insights to drive key decisions across the marketing organization using a range of analytical/statistical techniques from descriptive analysis to predictive/explanatory models.
Develop repeatable and scalable processes to improve the implementation of our data platform.
Use your integration skills to automate business processes and integrate systems/data.
Work closely across all departments to improve our reporting and self-service dashboards.
Be a self-starter, eager to learn, and motivated by a passion for developing the best possible solutions to problems.
100% Remote with occasional travel
Note: Due to the urgency of this role, we're unable to provide visa sponsorship at this time.

REQUIREMENTS:
Experience in a quantitative field such as computer or data science, economics, applied statistics, risk modeling, portfolio modeling, etc.
Excellent communication skills to relay complex technical ideas, results of data analysis, advanced models, etc.
5+ years of experience in developing and deploying data solutions and products in a professional setting
Experience developing models using SQL, Python/Jupyter, and related packages
Understanding and experience with AWS, GCS, or Azure
Experience with version control systems such as Github
Maintain a clear understanding and inventory of our existing data sources and reports within Looker.

Platforms, Tools, and Skills:
Salesforce, AWS, GCP
Data analysis and modeling tools [Looker and writing in LookML
Looker Developer Certification a plus
SQL, Python, dbt, spark, Fivetran, Jupyter, GCP colab, GCP Datalab, etc.
Excel or Google Sheets
Must live in the USA and do not require sponsorship
Benefits

Why You’ll Love Working at Finexio:
Culture: We are a humble, client-first team that is focused on collaborative data-driven success.
Speed: We move fast, love new ideas and give you the opportunity to push your limits.
Growth: We are expanding rapidly into new markets, launching new services and creating a world-class company.

What We Offer:
The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders.
An environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make a real, measurable impact
Competitive salary and stock options
Medical, dental, and vision
Unlimited vacation policy"
114	15 days ago	Blackbird.AI	Machine Learning Engineer (NLP)	"We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer with expertise in NLP who can join our AI research and development efforts with a direct impact on our core platform. You will work with both engineering and business teams to best understand design requirements. Then, your role is to design and build practical high performance machine learning solutions.
In this role, you will work on some of the latest cutting edge applications of machine learning applied to critical problems that affect businesses, governments and society. You will directly work with top management and key stakeholders to define solutions to critical problems that will have immediate impact and value at the platform and client levels. If you are passionate to work on massive, unstructured problems that can be solved using data, we are looking for you.

RESPONSIBILITIES :
Contribute to research and development focusing on the following areas: information extraction, multilingual NLP, automated summarization and graph network analysis.
Manage the collection and annotation of large custom datasets for text classification, unsupervised pre-training, translation, tagging, and other related problems.
Capable of understanding and implementing state-of-the-art methods based on research papers and/or open source libraries, and push beyond the state-of-the-art.
Experience with implementing efficient and scalable software systems in Python.
Ability to integrate implemented software components into a fully functional software pipeline, and provide verification and validation against requirements.
Knowledge of machine learning evaluation techniques, failure modes, and limitations.
Requirements

Must Have:
Minimum 2 years of professional experience working in Natural Language Processing or closely related field, with demonstration of successful delivery of novel research and/or product offerings.
Masters degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields (strong mathematical/static background with ability to understand algorithms and methods from a mathematical and intuitive viewpoint). Some exceptions can be made depending on exceptional past accomplishments/references.
Experience with command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms, and the ability to work in a Linux environment, processing large amounts of data in a cloud environment.
Highly skilled in Python development, as well as: Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras and Scikit-Learn.
Able to communicate scientific concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Nice to Have:
Working knowledge of AWS and other cloud services.
Experience creating novel datasets for scientific analysis or benchmarking.
Capability to contribute at the system architecture level to enhance scalability, testability, robustness.
Experience with generative models of fake text or images.
Experience and top performances in online competitions / hackathons, such as, kaggle.
Published research in areas related to machine learning, NLP, or its applications.
Record of contributions to open-source machine learning projects, or related endeavors.
Experience writing detailed documentation of machine learning systems.
Benefits
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays)
Work From Home
Stock Option Plan
Take note - due to the high volume of applicants, only shortlisted candidates will be notified. Thank you for taking the time to apply for the role at Blackbird.AI."
115	30+ days ago	Aveva	SW Artificial Intelligence – UI / UX Developer - Product Development	"About Our Opportunity

SW Artificial Intelligence – UI / UX Developer
Preferred locations - Chicago, Lake Forest, CA - Remote USA

AVEVA infuses industrial software with intelligence to empower people to shape a sustainable future. We work with our customers and harness the power of our ecosystem to deliver operational agility and empower human expertise. Our solutions advance engineering and operations with Performance Intelligence. From water and energy to food and infrastructure, we inspire insights that transform opportunity into sustainable business value. We combine unparalleled intelligence with collaborative innovation to enable people and industries to thrive.

There are 6,000 of our people at 90 locations in more than 40 countries who challenge themselves and each other to create and improve the transformative technology our customers need. With our help, industries across the world can make a positive difference to the lives of people everywhere.

We take pride in our core values and the diversity of our people, valuing the unique experience and expertise that people from different backgrounds bring to our business. At AVEVA, we’re all about Limitless possibilities. Are you?

JOB PURPOSE
==============================================

Help us build intuitive user interfaces that delight our users and help them solve real-world problems. Use your top-notch UI skills to innovate with us and create the next generation of industrial AI enabled products.


The Artificial Intelligence (AI) team works with teams across the business to promote AI and develop AI content. This role is a member of the AI team who works with UX designers, data scientists, system developers and product managers to create modern, visually appealing user interfaces for prototypes and production software for on premises and cloud-based solutions.


Present complex information in an easily digestible format
Support streamlined data interactions and exploration
Drive a common experience across multiple products
Cloud-first, responsive browser-based development

DESCRIPTION
==============================================

This role is responsible for creating interactive front ends for AI software. Activities include working with stakeholders to understand and refine UX requirements and workflows to create designs and prototypes for user testing; working with systems developers to define and refine appropriate API interfaces and then coding and verifying user interfaces for AI products. Developers in this role will create rapid protypes and demonstrations by stubbing or simulating back-end services as required.


The ideal candidate will be an expert in creating dynamic, interactive, intuitive, and professional HTML-based user interfaces for AI applications. These applications will focus around data, so the developer should be skilled in the different ways of displaying and interacting with data including interactive charting, data navigation, exploration and manipulation.


The candidate will work with different product teams to aid in integrating AI modules into different products. The primary focus will be on cloud-based applications, with some additional work for traditional, on-premises applications.


PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES
==============================================

Create best in class interactive front ends for AI software
Develop prototypes and proof of concept software to verify concepts
Verify UI through manual and automated testing
Work with the UI / UX team to identify and adopt UI tools and standards
Develop UI for batch & real-time analytical solutions, prototypes, and proofs of concept for selected solutions.
Implement UI for analytical projects with a focus on collecting, managing, analysing, and visualising data.
Be in constant communication with team members, stakeholders and other relevant parties and collaborate on first class user experiences.
Support and mentor other developers who want to become UI / UX developers
Create UI conventions and standards and mentor others in their adoption


IMPORTANT WORKING RELATIONSHIPS
==============================================

Business stakeholders
AI Engineers
Software development teams
UI / UX team


KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
==============================================

Five plus years of experience developing HTML front ends for cloud based, commercial applications
Experince with moc ups designing workflowsBachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Advanced knowledge and proficient expertise with HTML-based application development
Web tooling stack including HTML components, JavaScript, CSS, AngularJS, Typescript, React, Bootstrap, etc.
Experience with UX design patterns and Material Design guidelines
Awareness of, and interest in, cutting-edge interface designs and industry trends (responsive Web design, mobile design patterns, etc.)
Experience with desktop applications using C# and WPF; needed to help work with existing products that are not yet web-enabled
AVEVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we take pride in the diversity of our employees, valuing the special experience and expertise that people from different backgrounds bring to our business. The ability to develop ground-breaking technologies is one of our key assets and our people make it happen.


Come and join AVEVA to create the transformative technology that enables our customers to engineer a better world."
116	30+ days ago	Seamless.AI	Senior Data Analyst - Remote US	"About Seamless
Seamless delivers the world’s best sales leads. Through our product, we help sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence; by development of a robust real-time contact and company search engine as well as a suite of technically-advanced tools to support sales and lead generation. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and have been recently awarded #9 on G2’s “Fastest Growing Products” List in 2021, Best Place to Work in 2020, and ranked in LinkedIn's Top 50 Startups of 2020!
The Opportunity
The Senior Data Analyst will be a key member of the product and development team, helping us to deeply understand our users and ensure that we maximize the impact of our platform. This role will report to the VP of Product and help to inform key product decisions with a data-driven approach and product-led mindset. This individual will also present insights to company CEO and board. There are two Data Analyst roles we'd like to fill; one being focused on Product Accuracy & the other focus on List Building.The Data Analyst - Product Accuracy will be reviewing Accuracy data for trends to make updates to the rules engine powering our AI.
The Data Analyst - List Building will be analyzing and setting up the best target markets and then reviewing and optimizing based on success of outreach (measuring conversion, etc).

ResponsibilitiesWork closely with our VP of Product to derive data-driven insights from product usage dataPresent insights to company CEO and boardLead data analysis and identify insights from product usage to drive product updates, enhancements and fixesWork closely with data analytics platform SME (Product Ops) to maintain and optimize those platforms, including Gainsight (CX and PX), Tableau, Hotjar and Google AnalyticsEvaluate and assist in decision making for any new analytics and product data platforms to enhance our analytics tech stackEnsure all product features are properly tagged, working closely with the development team to implement product tagging plansIdeate, plan and manage A/B Testing within the product, with support from our product and development teamsBuild and scale our product analytics team, with opportunities to lead and manage the team.Manage development of data resources, gather requirements, organize sources, and support tagging and measurement surrounding product launches

Experiences and SkillsBachelor’s degree in Analytics, Mathematics/Statistics, Computer Science or related field or equivalent professional experience required4+ years of experience in data analytics, with an interest in sales and sales-enablement tools.Experience working in software and digital products.Strong technical understanding and experience implementing tagging and strategy for software and/or online product analytics. Analytics certifications are a plus.Experience with our current analytics stack is a plus: Google Analytics, Tableau, Gainsight, Hotjar (or similar platforms)Top notch organizational skills and ability to work within processes, as well as develop and optimize processes.Strong verbal and written communication skills.Ability to work independently, manage multiple priorities / projects and pivot between responsibilities in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.Ability to collaborate with team members and execute on project plans that require input from others on the teamExemplary personal and professional integrity and business ethics.Ability to execute on multiple projects simultaneously.Thorough attention to detail, highly organized and adaptable to shifting business priorities, have a passion for analytics and be able to instill that enthusiasm in others
Culture
We have an amazing culture and work environment that anyone would want to be a part of. We encourage a culture of positivity. We thrive off of continuous feedback and do whatever it takes to help our team and customers be successful. You will grow as an individual, professionally, and be able to see and feel the impact you are making to the growth of Seamless every day. With a purpose to positively impact a billion people and help the economy generate a trillion dollars in growth, our mission here at Seamless.AI is to help every professional globally create new relationships and opportunities, faster than ever before using the power of AI!

Perks and BenefitsGreat Medical, dental, and vision benefits (short-term disability & and term life insurance also available)Several Paid Holidays + Paid Time Off (PTO) DaysOption to allocate pre-tax dollars to 401K and have company match (after working for 1 year)Eligible to participate in ""Equity for All"" plan with stock options, becoming a partial owner of Seamless.AI!
PLEASE NOTE: We are currently accepting application in the following states: Ohio, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Texas.
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S."
117	30+ days ago	Cambium Learning Group	Senior Software Engineer, Machine Learning	"We are Cambium Assessment, a Cambium Learning® Group company.
As the leader in online testing for K-12 state education standards, Cambium Assessment delivers secure, reliable, and scalable assessment solutions that improve student performance while supporting state education accountability. Through proven technology, research-backed psychometrics, and advanced machine learning, our solutions help reduce test time for students while improving educational outcomes.
We’re looking for smart, creative, and enthusiastic professionals to join our innovative team of software engineers, designers, project managers and software specialists.
Overview:

The machine learning engineer work will be an integral part of the machine learning / scoring development team within Cambium Assessment. This diverse group of professionals that include mathematicians, computer scientists, psychometricians, statisticians and software engineers, provide custom machine learning solutions for our clients as well as internal support systems. The right candidate will have the skills needed to perform full life-cycle software development to take research ideas and initiatives from concept/prototype to production quality software. This includes participation in research discussions, requirements gathering, application and database design, system documentation, writing and unit-testing efficient code, and deployment.

Responsibilities:

.•Implement high performance, scalable and reliable software solutions in Python on Linux or Windows platforms

Develop and deploy synchronous and asynchronous REST API web services using Python frameworks
Develop effective methods of ML model testing during all stages: development, deployment, and recalibration
Train machine learning models, analyze performance metrics, and communicate results with visual and statistical aids
Analyze, visualize, and summarize large multidimensional datasets
Utilize best practices for software development of high performance systems around design, coding, automated unit and regression testing and deployment
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field and 5+ years professional software development experience
Extensive experience with Python and python frameworks (e.g. CherryPy, Bottle, Flask, Django)
Solid experience with multithreading and multiprocessing in Python on Linux and Windows platforms
Solid SQL and querying databases through Python (e.g. pyodbc)
Experience using AWS instances and S3 buckets
Tools and frameworks for testing (unittest, pytest) and software versioning (Bitbucket)
Ability to train machine learning models, analyze performance metrics, and communicate results
Solid understanding of ML algorithms
Self-starter, independent thinker and worker
Excellent analytical skills
Highly detail-oriented
Good communication skills
Ability to work well on a team as well as independently
Ability to communicate results effectively

Preferred Qualifications:

Masters degree in Computer Science
Experience with Python-based machine learning frameworks (e.g., Keras, PyTorch, gensim
Why Work With Us?
When you work with Cambium Assessment, you’ll be helping to design and build inspiring solutions that make a real impact on the online testing industry, as well as the educators and students we support.
Our systems are infinitely scalable and mission critical serving close to 1 million students simultaneously and over 60 million annually!
Our machine scoring methods are driven by artificial intelligence allowing computers to perform such complex operations as grading essays with more accuracy than humans.
Our processes use intensive algorithmic computing allowing a customized experience for each student as the exam adapts real-time based upon answers given.
We currently serve more than 1/3 of U.S. students with numerous patents and industry-standard certifications. In the 2018–2019 school year, we delivered more than 60 million tests to 860,000 simultaneous testers with an average 1/10 second response time. We have the most advanced features of any online testing system, and we continue to push boundaries for student performance measurement.

Our ground breaking work includes:
Advanced computer-adaptive algorithms
Mobile support of user interfaces
Learning management systems with social media features
Universally accessible user interfaces
Machine scorable items
To learn more about our organization and the exciting work we do, visit www.cambiumassessment.com
An Equal Opportunity Employer
We are dedicated to fostering a culture that celebrates unique backgrounds, ideas, and experiences. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability."
118	30+ days ago	Cart.com	Senior Data Engineer - Machine Learning	"About Us:
Cart.com is an ecommerce software, services, and brand holding company on a mission to democratize ecommerce and give digital merchants the freedom to grow. We are integrating all the pieces of the ecommerce value chain brands need to thrive, creating a truly end-to-end Ecommerce-as-a-Service platform that helps third party brands (and a few of our own) move faster, grow later, and deliver on their promises more completely.
Job Summary:
The data science team at Cart.com is a centralized team that reports directly to the CEO and is responsible for all things data, analytics, and ML/AI of Cart.com. The team consists of Cloud Architects, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, Data Scientists, ML Engineers, and Data Viz specialists. It is our team's mission to disrupt longstanding players in the value chain of ecommerce by designing a distributed network of capabilities that are 10x cheaper, 10x more convenient, and 10x better.
Responsibilities:
Engineer data products to be used by the various services of the Cart.com platform - including but not limited to the domains of marketing, merchandising, site personalization, logistics, and supply chain
Step in and manage all components of the data life cycle, when needed - design, develop, evaluate, deploy, serve, monitor, and maintain
Partner with cloud architects and ML engineers to design any and all requirements that are needed for ML products
Heavy usage of Python and other capabilities, as needed, in order to develop products that are robust and scale to the thousands of current customers within the Cart.com ecosystem
Help in the contribution and construction of the product roadmap including design and testing of POC products
Push the boundaries of what is believed to be possible with respect to personal growth and technology to ensure the success of our team and the customers of Cart.com
Provide, promote, and accept feedback and guidance (from all levels) to promote a culture of continuous improvement, collaboration, and shared knowledge within a geographically dispersed and cross-functional team
Experience:
5+ years of relevant experience
Experience with retail and/or e-commerce - preferred
Proven experience in programming languages, namely Python - preferred
Exposure to big data (Spark, scoop, Airflow, kafka) and No SQL (Hive, HBase, Cassandra) tools
Familiarity supporting data science teams - preferred
Familiarity with the deployment of data products inside production environments
Experience leveraging CI/CD
Solid understanding of Git and its proper usage within a decentralized software development team
Experience contributing to solution architecture and technical design
Ability to work cross-functionally to aid in product roadmap development
Experience with Google Cloud Platform - preferred
Bachelor's / Master’s / PhD degree in STEM - preferred but not required
Our Core Values
These aren’t just buried somewhere in an employee manual. We live and breathe them. They’re on the walls and live in our hearts. They come up constantly in conversations and actions. They govern the decisions of the newest hire all the way up to our CEO:
1. We are obsessed with brands
2. We think beyond the box
3. We don't give up
4. We speak up
5. We work together
6. We are human
Cart.com is deeply committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to identify and onboard people from all walks of life. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds."
119	30+ days ago	Guidehouse	Data Scientist – Machine Learning, Senior Consultant	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

Our Advanced Analytics & Intelligent Automation team members help clients maximize the value of their data and automate business processes. This high performing team works with clients to implement the full spectrum of data analytics and data science, from data engineering, data querying and wrangling, to data visualization and dashboarding, to predictive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence as well as robotic process automation (RPA). Our services enable our clients to define their information strategy, enable mission critical insights and data-driven decision making, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust, and improve operational effectiveness.
Our consultants focus on client services, while also supporting business development, internal firm initiatives, and ongoing professional development.

Qualifications:

Required:Clearance: Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance.3+ years of relevant data science/machine learning experienceB.S./B.A. in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or similar quantitative/computational disciplineExperience building ML models using techniques such as clustering, classification, and regression with a solid understanding of those techniques2+ years of experience in machine learning lifecycle/workflow: fetch, clean, and prepare data, train and evaluate model, deploy to production, monitor, and adjust as neededProficiency using Python to perform data science and developing machine learning modelsProficiency in a visualization tool or library (Tableau, Power BI, R Shiny, matplotlib, seaborn, bokeh)Experience utilizing databases (SQL/NOSQL) and familiarity with database conceptsDevelop and execute project plans using JIRA to track activities and Agile software methodology
Preferred:
5+ years of relevant experience
M.S./M.A. in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or similar quantitative/computational discipline
Experience utilizing Spark, Scala, and Databricks
Experience in or knowledge of Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Building solutions that are delivered on OpenShift or similar container platform
Familiarity with Agile development methodology
Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles and collaborative with teammates
Supporting clients: identifying and addressing needs, building relationships, being flexible, communicating effectively
Business development experience including RFP/RFQ/RFI responses and white papers
Experience supporting Federal defense or national security organizations
Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
This position is out to remote applicants in Eastern, Central and Pacific time zones.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"
120	30+ days ago	PointClickCare	Principal Applied Researcher-NLP	"PointClickCare is the leading North American cloud-based healthcare software for the acute and long-term and post-acute care markets. For over 20 years, the company has held the same vision – to help the world care for vulnerable populations. Since its inception, PointClickCare has grown exponentially with over 1,700 employees today all working towards impacting the lives of millions. Recognized by Forbes as one of the Top 100 Private Cloud Companies and acknowledged by Waterstone Human Capital as Canada’s Most Admired Corporate Culture, PointClickCare leads the way in creating cloud-based software. With its recent acquisition of Collective Medical, PointClickCare solidifies its position as a high growth healthcare software provider, serving over 21,000 long-term and post-acute care providers and over 1,300 hospitals. Their shared mission to support vulnerable populations is allowing PointClickCare and Collective Medical to connect disparate points of care at scale faster than anyone else in the market.
For more information on PointClickCare, please connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn.
Reporting to the Vice President, Advanced Technology, you will be a member of the Advanced Technology team at PointClickCare. You are an exceptionally talented Principal Applied Researcher in Natural Language Processing with a strong Machine Learning background, looking to make a difference solving critical customer and business challenges in the dynamic healthcare market by building cutting-edge solutions leveraging multiple kinds and sources of data with a variety of machine learning and natural language based predictive models and other solutions to be deployed at scale.

You thrive on solving complex natural language processing and machine learning modelling challenges, applying creative and pragmatic solutions-from framing problems to preparing data, to selecting appropriate techniques, algorithms and features to prototyping, building and evaluating models that will truly transform healthcare and enable our customers to deliver better care to the aging population.

Responsibilities: You will be applying NLP and ML techniques to develop machine learning models and other solutions which may involve working with data scientists and machine learning experts, domain experts, UI/UX designers and product leaders as well as backend engineering and infrastructure teams and operations to integrate the models into successful end user experiences in the context of a large-scale cloud based SaaS production environment. Design, build and evaluate predictive models, extractors, classifiers, recommenders or other machine learning based models to be deployed into production environments, including research and experimentation to select appropriate ML and NLP approaches, algorithms and frameworks. Perform or assist in data collection, data cleaning, data analysis, algorithm selection or design, model training using supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised learning, development and evaluation, and scaling up the system. As a principal applied researcher, you will bring technical mentorship on advanced NLP, data science, statistical and machine learning methods and technologies to the team, and help the organization develop new capabilities for innovative solutions. You will have substantial independence and responsibility from day one.

Required Experience:
 PhD or comparable level of experience in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering or a related field. Expert level practical experience applying machine learning to solve real-world problems including NLP, predictive analytics, content extraction, classification and deep learning. Experience building and deploying machine learning and NLP models into large-scale SaaS products including familiarity with industry standard software development concepts such as scaling issues, version control, CI/CD pipelines, and security. Expert level experience with Natural Language Processing and expertise in at least one area of machine learning. This includes hands on work performing standard tasks (e.g. feature selection, language modeling) and techniques (e.g. transfer learning, transformers, etc.) as well as applying specific models and tools. Solid understanding and experience with multiple kinds of models and machine learning approaches such as logistic regression, Random Forest and other ensemble methods, Bayes networks, active learning, machine teaching, reinforcement learning, deep learning and other ML techniques. Proficiency in Python and one or more of C, C++ or Java Experience doing data engineering for ML and NLP applications, including exposure to database systems and proficiency with SQL Proficiency building models from big data using modern machine learning packages, models data analysis stacks such as NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, fastText, Pandas, Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, CNTK and NLTK Accomplished and curious problem finder and problem solver, able to think both creatively and methodically, including strong fundamentals in optimization, problem solving, model building and evaluation Strong interest in applying NLP and machine learning to healthcare related problems and data Experience working with large data sets using big data processing frameworks (e.g. Azure Data Lake, HDFS/Hadoop, Spark or other cluster computing/MapReduce frameworks) Happy doing whatever data wrangling and cleaning are necessary to create solutions, but also looking for ways to make model development processes more efficient over time. Experience using public cloud infrastructure for building, evaluating and deploying machine learning models (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud) Exceptional communication skills and comfortable working on a distributed team

Working at PointClickCare goes beyond the resume, because the work we perform makes a true difference in people’s lives. We build innovative healthcare technology for seniors and their caregivers that improve their quality of life and well-being on a daily basis. We believe work is so much more meaningful when you’re doing it with a higher purpose.

For more information on PointClickCare, please visit us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn
Job Location
Remote
Position Type
Full-Time/Regular
#LI-MJ1
It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations.
When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with Lever’s Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCare’s human resources team: recruitment@pointclickcare.com"
121	30+ days ago	Rackspace	Data Science Architect	"As a full spectrum AWS integrator, we assist hundreds of companies to realize the value, efficiency, and productivity of the cloud. We take customers on their journey to enable, operate, and innovate using cloud technologies – from migration strategy to operational excellence and immersive transformation.
If you like a challenge, you’ll love it here, because we’re solving complex business problems every day, building and promoting great technology solutions that impact our customers’ success. The best part is, we’re committed to you and your growth, both professionally and personally.

Overview
As a Data Science Architect, you are passionate about data and technology solutions, are driven to learn about them and keep up with market evolution. You will play an active role in delivering modern data solutions for clients including data ingestion/data pipeline design and implementation, data warehouse & data lake architectures, cognitive computing and cloud services. You are enthusiastic about all things data, have strong problem-solving and analytical skills, are tech savvy and have a solid understanding of software development.
If you get a thrill working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers’ problems, we’d love to hear from you. It’s time to rethink the possible. Are you ready?
What you’ll be doing:
Lead, define and implement end-to-end modern data platforms in support of analytics and AI use cases
Collaborate with enterprise architects, data architects, ETL developers & engineers, data scientists, and information designers to lead identification and definition of required data structures, formats, pipelines, metadata, and workload orchestration capabilities
Address aspects such as data privacy & security, data ingestion & processing, data storage & compute, analytical & operational consumption, data modeling, data virtualization, self-service data preparation & analytics, AI enablement, and API integrations
Be the technical liaison between customers and engineering teams
Directly collaborate with the sales team to formulate and execute a sales strategy to facilitate the adoption of AWS and big data technologies and help build offerings
Be an AWS evangelist by educating a variety of customers on the value of AWS and AWS’s Data services
Traveling up to 50% of the time
Qualifications & Experience:
5+ years experience leading engagements from design to implementation of creative data solutions leveraging the latest in Big Data frameworks, supporting on-premise, cloud (Ideally AWS) and hybrid architectures to enable use cases in analytics and AI
5+ years experience architecting solutions for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from a wide variety of traditional and non-traditional sources such as structured, unstructured, and semi-structured using SQL, NoSQL and data pipelines for real-time, streaming, batch and on-demand workloads
3+ years experience with analytics/data management strategy formulation, architectural blueprinting, business case development and effort estimation of disruptor based analytics
3+ years working in the cloud or multi-server complex environments. Experience with AWS a requirement.
Ability to simplify complex technical concepts into an easy-to-understand non-technical language in order to facilitate, communicate and interact with executives and business stakeholders
Experience with Agile development methods in data-oriented projects
Strong candidates will also have some of the following capabilities:
Strong SQL, Database, Data Modeling, Data Warehousing and Development skills
Strong programming / scripting experience using various languages such as Java, .NET, Python, Scala, Javascript, etc.
Experience in Cloud Big Data & Analytics Services on the cloud (AWS preferred ie. S3, Redshift, Athena, EMR, Glue, Quicksigh,, etc.)
Experience with Dashboarding and Reporting Tools used in the Industry (Tableau, Qlik, etc.)
Experience with industry ETL tools (Informatica, Talend, SSIS, etc.)
Have strong people management skills: leading teams, training, onboarding, offboarding, etc.
Certifications in architecture, data engineering and development from AWS (Preferred)
Subject matter data expertise in Financial Services (Banking, Insurance), Consumer Products (Retail), Energy & Resources, Life Sciences (Healthcare) and Government (Transport, Higher Ed, Social Services) industries
Experience with implementation of data security, encryption, PII/PSI legislation, identity and access management across sources and environments
Knowledge of software configuration management environments and tools such as JIRA, Git, Jenkins, TFS, Shell, powershell, Bitbucket, etc.
Educational Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in quantitative areas such as Computer Science, Information Management, Big Data & Analytics, or a related field is desired
#Onica
About Rackspace Technology
We are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future.

More on Rackspace Technology
Though we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

Position is available for remote work in the following states unless otherwise specified. Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming."
122	30+ days ago	Carbon Health	Senior Machine Learning Engineer (Remote)	"WHAT IS CARBON ALL ABOUT?
At Carbon Health, we believe in the power of health, of medicine, and of technology. We aim to create a supportive environment where you can develop your career and continuously refine your craft. To support this goal, we’ve built a diverse and passionate team of employees who are all driven to learn from one another and reach Carbon Health’s mission of bringing high-quality healthcare to everyone.
The Job At A Glance
Join Carbon Health’s dynamic and talented engineering organization! Our engineering team provides the Carbon Health modern tech-enable health care platform that combines technology with inviting healthcare clinics designed from the ground up putting patient care first.
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who specializes in Machine Learning; someone who will grow with the team and help move our ML architecture and function forward. You will partner with data science, product, design, operations, sales, and engineers focused on applying machine learning applications to healthcare problems. Given Carbon’s focus on healthcare accessibility, this role offers one of the rarest opportunities to apply ML to solve real patient problems at a large scale, reaching over a million patients. Because of our unique position providing care to real patients every day, Carbon has a large, unique and evolving data set. Some problem areas include:
Clinical Decision Support Systems: Patient-reported symptoms, provider measurements, and device readings to predict diagnoses, therapies and orders, in service of making providers faster and more efficient.

Price Transparency: using visit history and claims data to predict the total patient responsibility, so patients know how much a visit will cost them upfront, with or without insurance.
Smart Scheduling with Wait Time Estimation: optimize scheduling for both patients and providers while providing transparency to users about when appointments will run long.
Prescription Drug interactions: surfacing when prescriptions will drive adverse reactions in patients, and suggesting higher quality alternatives to providers.
Charge Review Automation: Automating a human driven process of reviewing claims prior to billing patients.
What You'll Do:
Collaborate with engineering, product, design, data science, and operations teams to leverage Machine Learning to support Carbon Health’s missions and goals. You will have the opportunity to deeply understand the entire product, not just the ML stack.
Build fundamental infrastructure for developing, testing, and shipping ML applications quickly.
Deliver and own innovative ML solutions end-to-end to help drive business metrics, delighting patients, providers, payers, and employers.
Stay up-to-date with the latest state-of-the-art techniques in ML and help to foster a culture of learning within the organization.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong team-player mentality.


Technical Qualifications:
5+ years of software engineering pushing production-level code, with experience in ML, data science, big data analytics, statistics, or operations research.
Proficiency in Python or Scala, and SQL.
Experience with cloud computing platforms: AWS, GCP, or Azure.
Familiarity with ML libraries (such as scikit-learn), development tools (such as Jupyter Notebook), or distributed computing engines (such as Spark).
Experience with any of the following is a plus: Presto, Snowflake, AWS SageMaker, Databricks, PyTorch, Tensorflow.
Expertise in applying machine learning algorithms and techniques in a production environment.
Well-developed statistical and mathematical skills and experience with concepts such as causality, selection bias, incrementality, hypothesis testing, and more.


Perks:
Forward-thinking, transparent, and inclusive company culture
Collaborative environment within and across our clinic sites, virtual care teams and at HQ in San Francisco
401K with matching contribution and Pre-tax benefits including Commuter (transit & parking)
Competitive compensation with medical, dental, vision, 401K (with match), FSA Medical, FSA Dependent Care and other great benefits for full time & part time employees who work 20+ hours a week
#li-remote
A BRIEF HISTORY
Carbon Health is the leading national healthcare provider with a mission to bring world-class healthcare to everyone. Leveraging its unique technology platform, Carbon Health provides its patients with omnichannel care: seamless care from the same trusted providers at a wide variety of access points, including urgent care, primary care, virtual care, pop-up sites, the Carbon Health app, and on-site at their employers. Carbon Health also provides value-based care to enterprise partners across a broad range of industries, including academia, sports, entertainment, biotechnology, and travel. Apply today, join our team and make an impact!
To learn more about Carbon Health, and to stay up to date on what we're doing visit https://blog.carbonhealth.com/
We here at Carbon Health recognize that the key to success lies in valuing the minds, experiences and perspectives of people from all walks of life. Carbon Health is proud to value diversity and be an equal employment opportunity employer. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
123	30+ days ago	IQVIA	Senior Statistical Programmer (Home-Based) - IQVIA Biotech	"IQVIA Biotech is seeking a Senior Statistical Programmer to join our growing team! Position can be office-based in RDU, NC or home-based in the US.
BASIC FUNCTIONS:
Maintain a leadership role in the development of departmental standards, manuals and training materials; and in the training/mentoring of junior staff members. Develop internal tools and add-ons to facilitate the processes and work flow for Clinical Reporting, and other departments within Data Operations. Develop and validate SAS programs to perform data presentation and analysis. Provide programming support to project team members and other Statistical Programmers. Perform Statistical Programmer lead responsibilities on multiple projects (number of concurrent projects and study complexity level will vary based on seniority level).
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Departmental Leadership:
Under guidance from management, define and maintain departmental standards, SOPs and working practices; and lead process improvement initiatives.
Develop training materials and execute training in Statistical Programming activities, for new and existing staff.
Make presentations to clients and other interested individuals about the processes and procedures of the Clinical Reporting department.
Provide technical support and expertise to the Clinical Reporting management and staff, as described below:
Identify the need for generic programs, work with other programmers to collect user requirements; develop functional requirements, test plan, and other relevant documentation for generic programs.
Develop and maintain generic code, train Statistical Programming staff on use of the generic programs.
Provide programming solutions to complex SAS problems, help other programmers to debug existing code and develop programming efficiencies in new programs.
Keep abreast of new SAS software releases and other relevant applications; apply new programming techniques to new and existing code and share new information with other Statistical Programmers.
Project Team Lead Responsibilities:
Review and provide feedback on Master Plan for assigned project.
Review and provide feedback on QC Validation Plan.
Review and provide input to project timelines and ensure that project timelines are met for both internal and external clients.
Attend Statistical Alignment meeting.
Assume responsibility for project study budget and perform monthly time projections for each project.
Attend internal team meetings and relevant client team meetings as needed.
Archive relevant documentation and deliverables.
Review and provide comments on statistical analysis plan and data display documents.
Manage programming effort for deliverables, including coordination of programming activity among team of assigned programmers, tracking programming effort, handling installation documentation, facilitating communication with the other team members.
File code/output/documentation associated with client delivery to defined electronic folder structures on an ongoing basis and perform final archival activity at study close.
Ensure that project tasks are completed with acceptable quality for both internal and external clients.
Statistical Programming responsibilities:
Assist lead biostatistician with development of programming specifications for analysis datasets and tables/listings/figures, as appropriate to the project.
Review and provide comments on programming specifications for analysis datasets and tables/listings/figures.
Review statistical analysis plan and data display documents as needed, to provide feedback on programming feasibility and efficiency.
Develop and/or validate analysis datasets and tables/listings/figures.
Perform function of unblinded statistical programmer for relevant studies, including management of unblinded programming, installation and validation activities; filing unblinded code/output/documentation; and maintaining security of restricted files.
Other responsibilities:
Contribute to process improvement initiatives.
Perform independent code review and unit testing (as needed) and utilize source code management software.
Develop QC test plans and complete documentation for SAS code installs in QC and Production environments as needed for Statistical Programming activities.
Perform other duties that may be requested by management as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Understanding of GCP, ICH, and FDA guidelines and regulations applicable to conduct clinical research.
Knowledge of programming and validation methods, and software development life cycle.
Experience with SAS Base, SAS Macro, and ODS as well as strong data step skills.
Experience with SAS/STAT and SAS/GRAPH.
Ability to perform multiple tasks efficiently and accurately with minimal supervision while meeting deadlines.
Ability to develop and conduct training sessions.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Ability to learn new programming languages, technology, tools and processes.
MINIMUM RECRUITMENT STANDARDS:
Degree requirements include one of the following:
BS degree (or equivalent, based upon education and experience) in Computer Science, Statistics, Biostatistics, life sciences, analytical sciences or related field, and 4 years of work experience in SAS programming, preferably in a clinical environment.
Masters-level degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Biostatistics, life sciences, analytical sciences or related field with a minimum of 2 years of work experience in SAS programming, preferably in a clinical environment.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills.
CLASSIFICATION:
This position is classified as exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act; employees are not eligible for overtime compensation.
At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 67,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com.
IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation."
124	30+ days ago	Exact Sciences Corporation	Senior Business Analyst/Product Manager, Data and Analytics Platform	"Summary of Major Responsibilities:

The Senior Business Analyst on the Data and Analytics Platform at Exact Sciences will have an exemplary opportunity to influence building best in class data driven solutions for our Precision Oncology business unit. This position will perform a dual role as a Business Analyst and Product Manager as required. The role will be primarily responsible for leading business requirements elicitation, defining product features and influencing customers with a consultative approach to build right product to requirement fit while keeping long term vision in context.
We are hiring for three positions each specializing in Business Intelligence, Data Governance and Advanced Analytics data product areas respectively.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Produce business requirements document.
Develop as-is and to-be business process workflows.
Understand and map in depth business processes, people, and data systems detail.
Analyze gaps and propose to-be process flows.
Create dashboards, applications, reports, and other data and analytics product mock-ups using design thinking, purpose driven KPI design, and UI/UX focus.
Develop well-organized, informative presentations using appropriate tools.
Work with the product manager to understand the project scope and broader business vision.
Immerse in new business areas, as required, to gain domain expertise with proactive research and fast learning.
Elicit business requirements for the defined scope by engaging with appropriate stakeholders and leadership at all levels.
Handover business requirements to the technical team ensuring adequate business context, detailed feature description, and relative prioritization for technical requirements definition and development.
Develop manageable, implementable product features by dissecting complex product requirements.
Aggregate, assimilate, and analyze information and data from diverse sources towards decision recommendations.
Consult business teams on building right product features based on business requirement and understanding of where the product fits in the business workflow.
Evaluate existing analytical tools, processes, and systems to identify opportunities for improvement and bring operational efficiency.
Assist in data-product Lifecyle assessments to build a fit-to-requirement/size Data and Analytics product portfolio.
Ability to identify roadblocks to execution and escalate, as appropriate.
Contribute to establish best-in-class business analysis, requirements gathering, requirements handover, feature prioritization, and onboarding/training processes through the Business Analysis Center of Excellence focused on the Data and Analytics Platform.
Provide input and support to business teams during product release with necessary Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), training, and supporting material.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources for improvement recommendations.
Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) of analytics products, such as databases, dashboards, and/or reports.
Conduct product demos and engage with customers and other stakeholders using excellent communication skills.
Collaborate regularly with the Product Managers, business stakeholders at all levels, subject matter experts, solutions architects, and development teams to build value driven and delightful analytics products for customers.
Identify business problems and design fit for purpose product features.
Manage backlog of projects and features.
Train and mentor Junior Business Analysts and Product Managers.
Provide project status updates in both verbal and written format.
Assist the project manager in developing detailed project timelines.
Manage multiple projects with competing priorities efficiently with composure.
Ability to learn new business areas, processes, tools, and technologies, as needed.
Quickly learn and self-starter.
Ability to lead the business analysis process with minimal guidance.
Ability to work with minimal guidance from manager to deliver on medium to high complexity projects.
Innovate independently with a forward-looking approach.
Ability to communicate articulately and efficiently.
Display high integrity, compassion, and business analysis/consulting skills.
Contribute to continuous innovation with deep learning, reengineering of tools and processes to optimize business engagement/experience, requirement gathering, product design, and technical team handover.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Attend work regularly and reliably.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Operations Research, or degree related to job duties.
5+ years of experience in business analysis, data analysis, and/or business consulting with data management and data analysis fundamentals while performing low complexity data analysis and root cause analysis.
3+ years of experience in gathering requirements for building data and analytics products with focus on Business Intelligence and/or Data Governance and/or Advanced Analytics.
3+ years of experience running simple SQL queries and proven understanding of running complex SQL queries.
1+ years of experience with Business Intelligence tools.
6+ months experience with application mockup tools.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Operations Research, or degree related to job duties.
3+ years of experience with mid-high complexity Business Intelligence solutions, such as reports, dashboards, data marts, and/or augmented analytics.
3+ years of experience with mid-high complexity Data Governance solutions, such as master data management, data quality, data cataloguing, and/or data policy implementation.
3+ years of experience with mid-high complexity Advanced Analytics solutions involving complex data integrations, visualizations, Data Mining, Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and/or Natural Language Processing.
Experience with Tableau or Power BI, or willingness to learn.
Experience with application mockup tools, such as Balsamiq or Figma.
Familiarity and comfort working in agile delivery framework.
Experience with process mapping tools like Visio.
EEO Disclosure:

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.
#LI-EH1"
125	Active today	Aron Innovative	Data Scientist - Remote	Technologies & QualificationsExperience with one or more of the following: Python, R, ScalaHigh proficiency with SQLStrong mathematical and analytical skillsExperience with data visualization (D3 preferred)Preferred but not needed: Experience working with machine learning techniques (artificial neural networks, clustering, and decision tree learningPreferred but not needed: experience with bio tech / bio in an academic or industry environmentAbout Aron Innovative:We are a growing agency whose management is 100% comprised of engineers. We have years of experience working as freelancers, so we intimately understand the positives and the negatives of the industry.Fostering an environment that gives autonomy and freedom to our engineers is our highest priority. Its why we fell in love with freelancing in the first place. This will require passionate engineers and open communication.Do you want to join a growing and hungry company? Have you wanted to escape the 9 to 5? Does the free lance lifestyle entice you?Don't worry about sales, we will take care of that.Want to work a 6 month project and take a month off to backpack? We suggest checking out Montana.Work on projects that you want to work on. We will never force you to work on a project that you don't want to work on.Get paid competitive rates.Who you are:Have the ability to thrive in autonomy or in a collaborative team setting.Ability to unblock your self either through reaching out to the right people or other means.If you have the expertise to help a team member get unstuck, then you gladly do so.Passionate about writing clean and maintainable code with a constant eye on reducing tech debt.We do not offer part time positions. When you are on a project, you must commit to full time hours during the duration of the project.5+ years of total development experience.Experience with frontend languages / frameworks is not required, but welcomed.Experience with using third party APIs is not required, but welcomed.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $28.00 - $75.00 per hourBenefits:Flexible scheduleSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Python: 3 years (Preferred)R: 3 years (Preferred)Academic Research: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
126	Active 7 days ago	Clara Analytics	Data Scientist	Are you looking for an opportunity to join a team of data scientists making an impact on the insurance industry? CLARA Analytics is looking for a Data Scientist who is enthusiastic about solving real world problems with data and models, in a culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderie. We are located in Santa Clara, CA, but working remotely is an option.This is a chance to join a welcoming and collaborative team at a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company. Our mission is to drive the best claims outcomes for both insurers and the insured using innovative machine learning, including deep learning and natural language processing. Our models provide key insights and predictions that guide the claims adjuster in making optimal decisions at every step of the claim process.Why grow your career with InsurTech? Insurance companies have invested in digitized claims management systems, and are now taking the next step in realizing the full potential of this data. CLARA Analytics is the leader in providing the most technologically advanced solutions in this space, dedicated to expanding the horizons of what is possible. We hope you will join us, bringing your own creativity and expertise to achieve our vision together.What you will doPrototype and build end-to-end analysis pipelines, from initial data gathering and exploratory analysis to architecting and developing predictive models, writing documentation and presenting resultsMake code ready for production and build stable and efficient scoring pipelines that integrate with our applicationsContribute to the advancement of data science and machine learning at Clara by evaluating and evangelizing new algorithms, tools, and processesWork with engineering, product teams, and subject matter experts to coordinate planning and execution on projectsHave impact through explainable and actionable AI that drives a great user experienceEnjoy being a part of Clara’s culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderieWhat we are looking for3+ years experience of practical experience in data science and machine learning, including deep learning and natural language processing2+ years of experience with end to end data science pipelines - data ingestion, processing, machine learning model training and scoringExperience with scikit-learn and pandas; preferably also PySpark, Tensorflow, Pytorch, MLFlow, and NLP packages like spaCy and NLTKProficiency in Python for data science applicationsDiligence in coding and willingness to contribute to the rapidly-evolving Data Science infrastructure at ClaraStrong communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiencesProactiveness in raising issues and improving models, pipelines and processesCollaborative team spirit, excited about brainstorming together towards new AI solutions for Clara productsPassion for the product and going the extra mile to bring subject matter expertise and practical intuition to machine learning modelsJob Type: Full-timePay: From $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully Remote
127	Active 7 days ago	Viridios AI	Data Scientist, Artificial Intelligence	Viridios AI is at the forefront of solutions for the climate and sustainability markets. We have developed AI-based fair valuation and risk management models that solves a major problem in value transparency and is quickly become the market reference for fair prices of carbon credits (offsets), from forestry and agriculture to renewable energy and energy efficiency activities worldwide. There is much to do when it comes to applying technology in doing right by the planet and its inhabitants, and we are always looking for highly talented individuals to join us in this journey. We are looking for an experienced Artificial Intelligence (AI) data scientist to join a highly qualified team with domain expertise and years of experience in markets and technology. This is your opportunity to grow into and contribute to some of the most prominent and important themes of our age: climate, sustainability and AI.· This is a permanent position· You will report to the CEO, Viridios AI· You will be working remoteWhat We Offer· Competitive base compensation· Annual cash bonus· Employee stock allocated upfront in a early stage company with tremendous upside· A vibrant and creative work environment· Exposure to one of the most exciting sectors todayResponsibilities· Source, clean and analyze datasets for AI model training· Research, explore, implement and evaluate AI models and solutions· Build AI model prototypes as well as production-quality models for deployment· Write documentation and model documentationRequired· Bachelor’s degree in any technical subject (e.g., computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, etc)· Proven aptitude to developing practical AI solutions (past or current employment, personal projects, etc)· Advanced skills in Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, etc) and TensorFlow 2· Basic skills in MongoDB or other database frameworks· Advanced data exploration and visualization skills· Good applied statistics skills, such as probability distributions, statistical testing, etc· Fast learner, capable of quickly gaining domain expertise in the highly complex climate and sustainability markets· Clear analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to envision and propose new and creative ways to solutions· Passion for technology and issues related to climate and sustainability markets· Ability to work well with teams in a collaborative way· Exceptional technical and business communication in English, verbal and writtenPreferred· MA and/or MS, even better if PhD· Intermediate skills with MongoDB, better if advanced· Demonstrable advanced skills in TensorFlow through projects (e.g., Github, etc)· Experience in financial markets, even better in carbon and/or commodities markets· Experience managing complex technology projects** Please answer the questions accurately candidates undergo coding test.Thank you,The Viridios team.Contract length: 12 monthsExpected Start Date: 01/06/2021Job Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $60,598.00 - $184,293.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:Job is remote.Application Question(s):What is your level of Python Programming? Please choose one option below.A. Intermediate B. Advance C. ExpertWhat is your level of TensorFlow / Keras?A. Intermediate B. Advance C. ExpertEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes
128	Active today	Simbiosys	Data Scientist	Important Note: This is a W2 position No C2C !Job Description: Minimum of five years related work experience in analytical roles. Experience with data wrangling required - Programming skills to access, transform and prepare large scale data for statistical modeling. Experience utilizing statistical and machine learning methods required.Undergraduate degree in Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related analytical field of study or equivalent combination of training and experience. Graduate degree preferred.Modeling concepts (logistic, Random Forest, NLP etc.)Strong python, SQLExperience modeling (especially NLP and marketing models)Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $78,621.00 - $109,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Data analytics: 5 years (Preferred)Statistical & Machine Learning methods: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully Remote
129	1 day ago	Gyfted	Data Scientist	"Apply if you want to: Join a real tech startupWork on helping match individuals and teams for faster recruitment and happier workplacesWork alongside bright and curious peopleWork remotely (most of the time)Be challenged and stretched to learn and growHave the impact from Day 1Who we're looking forWe're looking for an experienced ML Engineer/Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience. You’re ideally a collaborative self-starter, comfortable with structured chaos and a discovery-heavy product development process with frequently changing requirements and features. You're excited about our ""fail fast, iterate faster"" approach.About the roleYou’ve got a ‘get s*** done’ attitude and deep interests in learning and developing models that solve complex problems. You’ll be integral to our data science + psychometrics team, working closely with product engineering and our founders to deliver value to users around:Creating great matches between companies and job-seekersMaking personalized recruitment better and automatedBuilding models that support both sides of hiring - candidates and hiring managers alikeYour responsibilitiesBuilding a recommendation engine for job matching between teams and job-seekers, that can support a wide variety of personalization and use cases, in cooperation with psychometricians and the data science team.Developing classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning.Understanding objectives and taking advantage of modern machine learning and information retrieval techniques.Building and developing supervised and unsupervised ML models.Contribute to continuously improving team productivity, tools, and technology adoption.Using data and insights to inform your choices where good enough > perfect.Requirements3+ years experience in applied Machine Learning.Strong coding experience in Python or similar.Solid knowledge of at least one of the following: recommendation systems, search engines, NLP, computer vision, predictive modeling using classical ML or Deep Learning.Experience with PyTorch, Tensorflow or other ML frameworks.Experience using analytical techniques such as segmentation, hypothesis testing, regression, and clustering.You’re a self-learner who can figure out the next 50% beyondNice to haveMSc in CS, mathematics, statistics, physics or a similar field.Experience with ML transformers.Interest in psychology / culture / recruitment.Solid experience in statistical modeling techniques.Strong SQL skills.Who’s Gyfted?We’re an early-stage startup out of Stanford University building software to help match job-seekers and career changers with teams not only based on their CV and skills, but also personality and culture fit. Our psychometrics+AI tools (psychological measurements of personality) are built on an open access platform to enable individuals to safely use our tools to get personalized feedback for personal growth purposes, as well as job matching.Our team is:full of positive energy, kind and bright people motivated to build for a better future of workwe have an open culture and enjoy working with geekscommitted to working with integrity, caring for users and building products we’re proud of7 folk distributed in California, London and Warsawfounders include a Stanford University Professor, Stanford alumnus and Bloomberg technologist, combining experience in occupational assessment, HR, ML, tech & growth in startups and big tech in Silicon Valley, the UK and Poland.Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:Flexible schedulePaid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftLanguage:English (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes"
