	postdate	company	title	description
0	12 days ago	Qventus	Sr. Data Scientist	"The Company
Qventus provides a real-time decision-making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products and solutions that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively. We work with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States.

Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic.
The Role
Qventus is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to help build the next generation of Qventus’s AI. You’ll join a cross-functional team of clinicians, data scientists, data platform engineers, and product experts to help care teams make day to day decisions to get patients the right care faster and more efficiently across the country.
As a Senior Data Scientist at Qventus, you will have the opportunity to explore Qventus’ unique and rich Healthcare dataset to develop cutting edge ML based solutions. You will evaluate potential modeling approaches, build features together with data platform engineering partners, implement and operationalize algorithms with your fellow data scientists, and drive meaningful advances to the quality and breadth of our ML solutions to boost Qventus. You should be strongly motivated to have an impact in the company and dedicated to helping improve the quality of healthcare and patient outcomes. What we do can meaningfully change, and in some cases save, lives.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop, operationalize, and tune impactful machine learning models in the healthcare space employing a wide array of modeling and statistical techniques.
Collaborate with Product and Clinical partners to investigate, assess, and deploy POC solutions in strategic business areas.
Design comprehensive experiments and analytics to measure the net impact of our interventions in healthcare settings.
Create tools and resources to improve transparency into Data Science technical architecture and increase collaboration with engineering and analytics partners.
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years research experience using a wide variety of statistical and machine learning techniques (particularly in operations research modeling, incl. MILP, Constraint Programming, etc.)
Proven ability to work with domain experts to develop and tailor algorithmic solutions to problems in healthcare, particularly in the inpatient or perioperative settings.
Functional knowledge of at least one scripting language (Python preferred) and SQL.
Dedication to mentorship and growing strong collaborative data science teams.
Interest and ability in learning and working in a fast paced dynamic environment across multiple technologies.
Nice to have's:
4+ years experience of relative industry experience developing, launching, and iterating on machine learning models and/or developing the core data science platform.
Excellent SQL - hands on experience manipulating data sets, data cleaning, and pipelines
Strong software development foundations - dedication to high code quality, stable architecture and an eye towards maintainability.
Practical hands on experience with Natural Language Processing or Understanding techniques and productionalization.
Practical hands on experience Deep Learning modeling techniques and infrastructure.
Practical hands on experience with Ecosystem of data platform technologies such as: AWS Services (RDS, ECS/EKS, Lambda, S3), DBT, Snowflake, Databricks.
Practical hands on experience with Data analytics tools (Looker preferred).
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, or equivalent training / experience.
Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/"
1	30+ days ago	Splunk	Principal Data Scientist - Remote	"About Splunk:
Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey!
As part of Splunk’s R&D team, we are passionate about providing quantitative analytics and evidence to inform business decisions. We partner with cross-functional business stakeholders to identify and address critical business questions and use data, analytical methods, and modeling to translate quantitative assessments into actionable insights. Analyses inform business challenges such as guiding product roadmaps, streamlining engineering development lifecycles, and accelerating customer adoption and utilization trends. We are seeking a Principal Data Scientist/Engineer who is passionate about framing and solving practical business questions with data-driven analytics.
Role:
As a Principal Data Scientist, you will partner with Splunk leaders to articulate crisp business questions and develop the architecture and methodologies needed to execute quantitative assessments and analytics that provide context and evidence to answer these questions. This will encompass creating a collaborative environment with other scientists and engineers to use quantitative analysis and data presentation to uncover the factors that drive business solutions. You will help architect and build the analytical experiments, models, reports, and dashboards and translate quantitative assessments into actionable insights.
Responsibilities:
Structure business questions and develop analysis plans
Lead analysis projects and guide other analysts/engineers
Ensure production quality methods to retrieve, condition, validate, synthesize, and manipulate data
Structure and build analytical experiments, models, reports, and dashboards using statistical and other quantitative analytical methods
Create order from chaos - provide structured solutions for ambiguous problems
Translate metrics and analytics into digestible products that inform business decisions
Iterate, document, and communicate throughout problem lifecycle
Requirements:
Passion for framing and solving practical data-driven business questions
Self-starter with a demonstrated track record of critical thinking translated into concrete products
Demonstrated ability to work across business stakeholders, structure data science problems, independently execute analysis, and also mentor other engineers/scientists
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics, Engineering or other technical field preferred or equivalent practical experience
8+ years of professional experience in quantitative analysis, research, data science or engineering (statistics, applied math, inference, predictive methods, uncertainty quantification, design of experiments, etc.) including project leadership
Deep software engineering skills in an interpreted language
Agility manipulating, synthesizing, and interpreting large and diverse datasets
Deep experience with statistical methods and software packages
Excellent communication, collaboration, and mentoring skills
Strong analytic storytelling skills
We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.
For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

#LI-Remote"
2	30+ days ago	Bestow	Senior Data Scientist	"ABOUT US
Bestow is the leading digital platform for life insurance. As both a direct-to-consumer destination and an infrastructure provider, Bestow is on a mission to make life insurance accessible to millions of underserved families.
We ideate fast, embrace change, and take risks. As a rapidly growing tech startup, we look for the best talent out there and try to stay out of their way. From scaling our business model to expanding our offerings, the day-to-day at Bestow offers endless professional growth opportunities. The people who succeed here look for problems and solutions. They are both passionate about their ideas and open to having their mind changed.
In the end, we value the same things our customers do: family. So we strive for work-life balance and believe happy employees make for better experiences and happier customers. It’s a model that helped us land the #2 spot on Forbes’ Best Startup Employers 2021 list. Boom!
We are open Remote, Austin or Dallas, TX
As our Sr. Data Scientist, you will be focusing our health initiatives. You will bring a wealth of knowledge in health data and the regulation.

Data Science at Bestow is a rapidly evolving team with a diverse set of problems to solve. We analyze and manipulate massive datasets, build algorithmic models to make predictions, and optimize decision making by reinforcing choices with data.
At Bestow you will be working on refining insights from our number of health information datasets. We use cutting edge machine learning and data warehouse technologies to create a cohesive environment for experimentation and analysis. Within this environment you will have the computational power and freedom to explore and experiment while researching solutions to some of our most difficult problems. Communicating results effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences is a skill all of our data scientists must possess as we work closely with the entire organization.
Challenges On Which You Can Expect to Work:
Machine Learning
We leverage Google BigQuery as our data warehouse. We use Jupyter notebooks and Python code to compose sophisticated machine learning pipelines and experiments. Collaborate across teams to identify project requirements and metrics. Perform data analysis and cleaning using a host of ETL tools. Train and tweak machine learning models to make predictions;Use statistical evaluation techniques to refine models over time based on performance metrics. Production engineering - after a model is made, we see it through to production;Communicate with the organization by interpreting models and results for non-technical audiences
Analytics
We work closely with analytics teams by adapting their insights into predictive analytics through machine learning. This involves acquiring knowledge from various domains and refining it into high-level motivation for decisions within the organization or models to increase our products’ efficacy. We have a vast amount of data and we all work together to process and make sense of this information.
Research
Part of our role at Bestow is pioneering the future by using machine learning techniques to research new solutions to old problems that have been around for a hundred years. This is a difficult area of study that requires experience with health data and the regulation that surrounds building products in the insurance industry. Our research efforts are tightly integrated with the direction of the business; it’s important that our research is guided by our goals and that we maintain an open channel of communication with stakeholders throughout the research process.
A Little About You
6+ years of data science experience
Programming and Statistics/Mathematics experience
Professional experience with a variety of machine learning algorithms
You like building and evaluating experiments under statistical rigor
Solid Python 3 and Software Engineering principles
Experience with notebook and analytical environments (Jupyter, R)
Experience with health data (PHI) or insurance dataClear, concise written and verbal communication
Desire and willingness to learn
Display initiative and autonomy as well as cross-team collaboration
US Citizen or Permanent Resident (Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas, nor employ residents outside of the United States at this time)
Nice To Have
Have worked with cluster orchestration and management framework like Kubernetes
You have created software products, e.g. libraries or web applications
Experience deploying models into production for use in product critical sections
Total Rewards:
Competitive salary plus stock options
Generous PTO
Flexible schedule and work/life balance
100% company-paid health, dental, and vision insurance
Office snacks and weekly team lunches
Team building events and activities
We value diversity at Bestow. We hire, recruit, and promote without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, pregnancy or maternity, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. We understand the importance of creating a safe and comfortable work environment and encourage individualism and authenticity in every member of our team.
Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas at this time."
3	30+ days ago	Under Armour, Inc.	Sr. Lead, Data Scientist (REMOTE)	"Position Summary
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace. Employees must live in the United States.
We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Sr. Lead Data Scientist to join our Enterprise Data Management organization. The Sr. Lead Data Scientist is expected to be passionate about leveraging cutting edge statistic and machine learning methodology to solve real-world business problems, while ensuring the highest quality implementation standards. You will be working closely with product managers and business stakeholders to formulate and shape current and future machine learning products across the Under Armour global ecosystem. You will serve as a leader within the data science team, providing mentorship and demonstrating best practices to junior members.
Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesDrive cross-functional data science projects from beginning to end: from ideation and problem formulation to technical development and productionalization, working with stakeholders from business teams to engineers to achieve a common goal.Advocate for data science at the highest levels, providing insights to the leadership team on the impact of strategic initiatives on key metrics and help them track progress towards goalsLead and mentor junior data scientists and grow as a team leader, providing direction and oversight as needed, as well as proactively creating learning opportunities via reading groups and technical demonstrationsIdentify methods and tools that can increase efficiency, performance, and scalability within the teamEstablish, document, and provide mentorship on best practices in data science, statistics, and computational programmingConduct code reviews for key projects.Collaborate with engineering teammates to streamline the full-stack data science pipeline
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)Proficiency with SQL and at least one of Python/R (both preferred)Proficiency in two or more of the following: natural language processing, recommendation engines, supply chain optimization models, unsupervised segmentation, structural equation models, price elasticity and optimization, demand forecasting, supervised classification algorithms, computer visionAbility to apply data science to real-world problems, capable of breaking down complex problems into key components where advanced statistics, data science, and AI can be leveragedAbility to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise
Education And / Or ExperiencePh.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative disciplines with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithmsIn-depth knowledge of Statistics, Mathematics and Machine learning with 5-10 years of demonstrated professional experienceExperience working on an agile teamExperience utilizing version control on collaborative projectsExperience working with AWS infrastructure (EC2, S3)Experience working on a diverse team leveraging both Python and R a plus.Experience with Mlflow a plus.
Other Requirements
Relocation"
4	30+ days ago	DISQO	Senior Data Scientist - (Remote - US)	"DISQO is changing the way that the world’s largest brands, agencies and consumer intelligence companies get to know their consumers. We’ve built the first identity-based platform that combines consumer attitudes and behaviors together to power the most accurate and predictive insights solutions for our customers, and we do all of that with the willing participation of our consumers and without using outdated technologies like third-party cookies. We help our customers get a cross-platform view into consumer sentiment, measure advertising effectiveness, analyze consumer purchase journeys, and ultimately grow their brands.
Our mission at DISQO is to engage people to share their opinions and behaviors openly to help our customers make the right decisions. With over one million active members sharing their attitudes and behaviors, DISQO is looking to expand, improve and create world-class applications for people to openly share their data for research.
Check out the DISQO Developer Blog for the latest from our DISQOTECH team.
DISQO’s first-party, transparent, and privacy focused panel, SurveyJunkie, uniquely positions the company to excel in a data privacy focused world and empowers us with an unrivaled data set to tackle the upcoming challenges faced by every brand in the world. This position is highly visible. You will present solutions to the executive team, influence our product roadmap, and shape the future of the market research space.
We are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist to join our Data Science and Analytics team to innovate and build data products. You will be heavily involved in survey matching optimization algorithms, user anomaly detection, identity fraud prevention, recommendation engine. The only obstacle we have is time, DISQO is a gold mine for a data scientist. Data Scientists at DISQO lead our efforts in developing scalable solutions to offer quality data to consumers and building innovative products.
What you will do:
You will join a team of data scientists and data analysts to work on data quality, fraud detection, recommendation engine, ad measurement, causal inference, reinforcement learning to understand consumer needs based on our users behavior and attitudinal responses.
 You will work using the latest technology, having access to a large volume of data in a data centric company. As a data scientist you will collaborate with product, finance, and marketing teams, partner closely with and support product managers to surface data trends, identify impactful problems, and develop solutions, discover data anomalies, communicate clearly your findings to other departments, educate stakeholders on data and its predictive power.
Sr. Data Scientist will establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development and model implementation, manage and execute projects from start to finish including data gathering and manipulation, project management, modeling, problem solving, communication of insights and recommendations.
Disambiguate problems and develop new metrics to track and identify success
What you bring to the table:
PhD or Master in Computer Science, Mathematics, Neuroscience, Computational Biology, Econometrics
Practical data science experience with a deep technical background in supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods, +4 years of work experience
Strong communicator - able to advocate data informed decision-making at all levels
Strong analytical capabilities to translate business problems into data science problems and implemented solutions
Experience with big data technologies such as Spark, AWS Athena, Hadoop, Redshift
Mentored junior data scientists, led projects to the finishing line
Expertise in SQL and programming in Python or R
Strong mathematical background or computer science.
Advanced ability to perform exploratory data analysis
Expert in Statistical Studies
Data visualization with Python, R. Exposure to BI Solutions like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI
#dice
Perks & Benefits:
100% covered Medical/Dental/Vision for employee, 80% for dependentsEquityUnlimited VacationFlexible work hoursCatered lunches 3x a weekStocked pantryHappy HoursOnsite Fitness ProgramDiscounted Gym MembershipQuarterly Offsites401KLife InsuranceFSAPaid Maternity/Paternity leaveDisability InsuranceTravel Assistance Program24/7 Counseling Services offered to employees
DISQO is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery, innovation, and growth are possible when we open ourselves to new possibilities, perspectives, and approaches. That’s why, at DISQO, we welcome, support, and empower individuals from diverse backgrounds. Exceptional teams are rooted in extraordinary people, each with a unique story and a compelling set of skills. DISQO does not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
Recruiting firms that submit resumes to DISQO without first entering into a written contract will not be entitled to any compensation on candidates referred by that firm."
5	6 days ago	New Relic	Marketing Lead Data Analyst/Scientist - Remote	"Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
We are excited to consider a remote analyst for this role! Remote team members will be expected to work out of their home office.
Your Opportunity
New Relic is the industry’s largest and most comprehensive SaaS-based observability platform built to create more perfect software. We are passionate about providing solutions and tools that help development and operations teams monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize the performance of their applications and infrastructure. And, we have a ton of fun doing amazing work!
We are searching for a Lead Data Analyst/Scientist who will support the Marketing organization and report to our Director of Marketing Analytics. In this role, you will be responsible for evaluating the impact of our demand generation and integrated campaigns, measuring end-to-end marketing funnel performance, producing dashboards to report on our important metrics, and performing data analyses to optimize marketing performance for business operation, planning and budgeting purposes!
We are building out a world-class marketing analytics team. This role will play an important role in spearheading and shaping how analytics will be used to grow and optimize our customer acquisition and monetization. You will work closely with our Marketing partners to connect tactics to results and recommend future activities. In addition, you will partner with the Product and Sales analytics teams to build and perform analyses that help drive future revenue.
As a growing technical SaaS company, we have complex and oftentimes unstructured problems. We are looking for someone who has strong technical skills and thinks creatively to find solutions. We are looking for a candidate who thrives on discovering how behavior can predict measurable actions and is passionate about how the latest trends in Marketing and technology can be used to build a next generation analytics function.
What You’ll Do
Use multi-sourced data and marketing principles to create marketing dashboards, descriptive and predictive analyses, and data systems to optimize our marketing programs and objectives
Define and implement end-to-end programs for metrics creation, data collection, database development, reporting, and data modeling
Perform advanced analyses to understand and explain trends and drivers of key marketing metrics
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Product, Marketing, and Sales to define problem statements, access and manipulate data, build analytical models, explain data-gathering requirements, deliver analytics insights, and make recommendations
Define, compute, track, and continuously validate business metrics with descriptive and predictive analysis
Identify and implement structured processes for data reporting and communication, and use analytical models to identify insights to drive key decisions across leadership and the organization
Provide mentorship to other members of the team and the marketing organization on the best methodologies for design, implementation, and testing of analytics insights
Use tools like R, Tableau, Python, and SQL to drive efficient analytics
Your Qualifications
Must-have:
Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science) or equivalent
7+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, building statistical models, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results for different marketing partners
7+ years of experience with developing data visualizations with tools such as Tableau and with Analytics/Data Science tools such as R, Python, and SQL
3+ years of experience in marketing analytics/data science
Experience using data driven models to drive business decisions
Experience using data access tools and building visualizations using large datasets and multiple data sources
Knowledge of statistics and data science (e.g. statistics basics, statistical modeling, experimental design, hypothesis testing, etc.)
Experience working with cross-functional teams and presenting data insights to all organizational levels
Be a self-starter, flexible, and motivated by a knowledge for developing the best possible solutions to problems
Nice-to-have:
Advanced degree in the above analytical fields
Familiarity with additional tools we use: ABM tools, Periscope, Snowflake, Data Bricks
Experience in a high-growth digital B2B and B2C marketing environment
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
We're looking for bold and passionate people to be a part of our mission to create more perfect software. We'd love to have you apply, even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement. What's most important to us is finding authentic and accountable people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.
About Us
New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud-based observability platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud-based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place.
Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award-winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.
Our Hiring Process
New Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification.
We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.
New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy

#LI-TK1"
6	4 days ago	Nexient	Senior Machine Learning Engineer/Data Scientist	"***Update: Moving forward and not limited to 2021, Nexient will be supporting fully remote and hybrid work models for all team members***

We’re happy to announce that as part of our efforts to embrace, adapt, and provide more flexibility to our team members—Nexient will be adopting a new set of work models. Whether it’s fully remote, hybrid, or full-time at the office—you now have the option to choose the work arrangement that best suits your needs and preferences. You are not locked into any selection and can make changes at any point if needed.
Don’t only dream about what’s next – come build it with us!
Nexient specializes in bringing a “Product Mindset” to our work, using small, nimble teams, Agile thinking and other techniques from product development to build great custom software people love to use.
And as America’s leading 100% US, 100% Agile software services partner, we’re building it here instead of sending tech jobs offshore.
People are noticing.
Our clients include some of America’s favorite brands in retail, healthcare, financial services and more – but also some very cool product companies you may not have heard of yet. We’re recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor, HfS Hot Vendor and the only 100% US tech company in the World’s Top 100 Outsourcers. You might have read about us in The New York Times.
Nexient combines:
Silicon Valley innovation (through our Bay Area innovation hub, and network of startups and emerging technology partners)
Scalable, Midwest delivery (with 65+ Agile teams in high talent cities like Ann Arbor, Michigan)
Onsite collaboration (with product managers and other key roles working face-to-face with client teams around the country)
Come build with us!
Solid understanding of machine learning fundamentals
Optimization (gradient decent variants, hyperparameter tuning, regularization)
Experience in a variety of problems and domains, with depth in at least four (supervised, unsupervised, generative, control/RL, anomaly detection, timeseries, etc.)
Expert with traditional ML models (k-means, KNN, decision trees, SVM, Bayesian/graphical models, Gaussian process, etc.)
Mastery of Deep Learning fundamentals (CNN, RNN, attention/memory, Autoregressive) and extensions (Transformer, LSTM, ResNet, etc.)
Experience coding with popular frameworks
Python expertise (data structures, coding patterns) along with common ML, data, math and visualization libraries/platforms
Can architect large scale machine learning projects, while supporting team and client related activities (documentation, mentoring, planning, etc.)
Ability to set best practices for modeling/development
Configuring and working in different coding environments (local, notebooks, containers) and using standard software engineering workflows (testing, code management/Git, CI/CD)
Loading and saving large data sets and models efficiently
Customizing models and optimizing performance
Structuring code to make it modular and deployable (logging and metrics, adhering to common deployment interfaces/hooks)
Ability to analyze and explain papers/theory and adapt associated models
NLP specialization (NLU, NLI, QA, BERT, GPT, T5, XLNet, etc.)
Some MLOps and cloud environment experience (resource configuration, optimization)
Solid data engineering skills (large scale data processing in batch or stream, security and configuration best practices)
Benefits & Perks:
Company sponsored health, dental, vision insurance and flexible spending account (FSA) for employees and their families including domestic partners
Paid Vacation Time and company holidays
401K plan
Lunch & Learn
Passionate, collaborative and awesome co-workers
World class training and career mentorship


Nexient is an inclusive equal opportunity employer. At Nexient, your uniqueness makes us better. Your uniqueness is why you are valued, you are heard, you add to our culture, and you belong. Diversity & Inclusion is hard coded into our DNA, and at the core of everything we do. Together, not separately, we strive to become even more diverse to help fuel our innovation and connect us closer with the clients and communities we serve."
7	30+ days ago	KeyBank	Senior Data Scientist	"Location:
For Those Who Work At Home - Various, Illinois 60623
JOB BRIEF

The Decision Sciences team sits within Enterprise Business Analytics Center of Excellence to support the advanced analytics and modeling needs for sales, marketing, finance, digital, financial wellness and operations of Key Bank’s consumer bank. Our senior data scientists work directly with each line of business and other analytics teams to solve complex and unique business problems by building state-of-the-art models and tools to support business growth and improve customer experience.


The Senior Data Scientist will lead the development, validation, documentation, execution and measurement of complex and high-impact statistical and machine learning models, leveraging cutting edge quantitative and computational techniques and technologies. The ideal candidate should be able to work effectively with internal clients to better understand their business needs, dissect complex problems, propose appropriate quantitative solutions, analyze the needs and behaviors of present and prospective customers, and develop data-driven solutions to improve customer experience and achieve business objectives.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
Apply critical thinking skills and perform advanced analytics with goal of solving complex and multi-faceted business problems
Translate business partner’s needs into advanced analytics projects and prioritize projects based on expected tactical and/or strategic business impact to quickly achieve goals
Generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understanding of business processes and turn them into actionable recommendations
Perform advanced quantitative and statistical analysis and machine learning of large datasets to identify trends, patterns, and correlations that can be used to support client centric initiatives at various stages of customer lifecycle including acquisition, activation, utilization, relationship deepening and retention
Know what type of algorithm to use and how to implement them
Build and deploy prototype solutions to demonstrate ideas and prove concepts
Proactively seek, build and consolidate new data inputs to improve model performance
Perform model validation and documentation of newly-developed predictive models to ensure they follow good modeling practices and are in compliance with Model Governance Policy, Guidelines and OCC requirements
Conducting annual model validations to ensure models are working as intended and the existing validation activities are sufficient
Develop presentations to summarize and communicate key messages to senior management sponsors and other stakeholders
Become subject matter expert and trusted advisor in advanced analytics and modeling
Collaborate with others in the organization to develop new ideas and brain storm potential solutions
Mentor junior team members when needed
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Solid quantitative/programming background with a graduate degree (Phd or Master) in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or Operations Research
5+ years hands on experience developing and applying statistical/predictive methods using large data sets
Experience with deposit product pricing a plus
Hands on experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Excellent quantitative, analytical and problem solving skills. Solid Knowledge of statistical analysis (regression, decision trees, clustering, experimental design etc.) as well as machine learning algorithms to solve real world problems
Ability to write code and develop production-ready analytical applications
Significant experience working with large scale structured and unstructured data
Intellectual curiosity, inquisitive nature and desire to deepen knowledge
Extensive experience in Python, R, SAS, SQL, BigSQL, etc.
Working knowledge of Spark, PySpark, SparkSQL, MLlib
Experience in working in cloud environment preferred
Strong written and oral communication skills, proven ability to convey the results of complex analyses in a clear and concise manner using business language.
Good project management skills (clear goal setting, well-organized, detailed planning, and ability for tight-timeline deliverables)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Consultative experience is a plus
Retail and Financial services industry experience preferred
Able to translate ambiguous business problems into a conceptual mathematical framework
Effective communication and presentation skills
Can work both independently and collaboratively
KeyCorp is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer committed to building a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture . All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability , veteran status or other protected category.
Qualified individuals with disabilities or disabled veterans who are unable or limited in their ability to apply on this site may request reasonable accommodations by emailing HR_Compliance@keybank.com ."
8	30+ days ago	Custom Ink	Senior Marketing Data Analyst	"Are you a curious-by-nature analyst with a knack for connecting the dots between complex data sets, technologies, processes, and people? Do you believe in the power of data to improve customer experience and drive business results? If so, we’d love to chat!
Custom Ink, the leader in custom apparel for groups and communities, is all about bringing people together. That's what inspires our innovative online platform, world-class customer support, and award-winning work environment. With 1,600+ team members (“Inkers”), we are passionate about the success and well-being of our team and have earned frequent recognition as a top workplace from such organizations as Fortune Magazine and The Washington Post. Our customers are counting on us to come through for them, and that’s important to all Inkers - no matter what role they’re in.
How you’ll make a difference:
As Senior Data Analyst, focused on our Marketing initiatives, you’ll be a strategic partner in ensuring channel effectiveness and scalability, increasing the profitability and success across Search, Digital, and Offline channels. You’ll serve as a strong partner for driving important business decisions by providing analytical thinking and approaches to our understanding of marketing and creative performance. Your work will also lead to increased success and performance for our teams and will uncover insights and understanding of diverse customer needs that will lead to meaningful long-term engagement and increased customer loyalty for Custom Ink . At Custom Ink, we love data so your skills will be in high demand and your work will be highly visible. You’ll also play a critical role in elevating the Data & Analytics function and will report to the Director of Data Analytics.
What you’ll do:
Custom Ink is focused on growth, high-performance, and innovation, all while delivering a best in class customer experience no matter the touchpoint. As Senior Data Analyst working with our Marketing teams, you’ll:
Drive timely and valuable insights and reporting that contributes to strategic decisions and Marketing effectiveness
Measure channel/campaign performance, develop deep insights to drive performance, and design sophisticated testing plans.
Develop insights, leveraging an outside perspective, on how we can improve/scale channels and their corresponding sales funnels
Build a detailed understanding of our datasets and brainstorm how to use that data to drive our marketing efforts and attribution modeling techniques
Provide subject matter expertise as it relates to attribution modeling, marketing mix, etc.
Build a trusted partnership with the marketing team, their agency partners and related teams in Finance and Merchandising to understand their needs and programs and contribute to clear business cases
Expose root cause of changes and trends and recommend actions to accelerate or curb them
Collaborate with Data & Analytics leaders to plan for and prioritize work that keeps us oriented toward goals that drive our business forward as well as continuously evaluate process and collaboration within the D&A function to increase capacity
Contribute to the performance of your peers through collaboration and partnership while leveraging business acumen
Maintain a big picture focus while directly supporting specific Marketing- no area of our business is an island!
How you’ll be measured:
Success in this role is critical to the successful and healthy growth of Custom Ink and vital to building successful marketing strategy and channel optimization. Therefore, success will be measured by:
Perform insightful and actionable analyses that help drive improvements in Marketing
Expose root cause of changes and trends and recommend actions to accelerate or curb them
Become a trusted advisor to our Marketing teams
Be a champion of data democratization throughout the company
Demonstrate impact of analysis on business results
Sales performance of existing, evolved, and new programs
Marketing cost savings and process optimization driving efficiency gains
What we’re looking for:
This is a critical role so we’ve set our sights high:
5+ years experience performing analysis on large and often incomplete data sets and translating results for consumption by business partners. Marketing focus a plus.
Expert in Excel and SQL. Google Analytics, Tableau, R and Python skills desired. Demonstrated use of machine learning techniques (logistic regression, linear regression, etc.) for business problems a plus
Excellence in statistics, data & analytics, predictive modeling & hypothesis testing
Demonstrated strategic problem solver
Ability to be a strong partner to the business, influence decision making and focus on details while keeping an eye on overall objectives
Ability to juggle multiple ongoing projects, seamlessly transition between them, and work autonomously
Ability to determine tech and data needs from business requirements
Values data integrity and accurate reporting
Stellar interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to adjust approach/message by audience
A passion for continuous improvement and problem solving, with a genuine desire to own and build something special
A head for business and numbers and a heart for people
In addition, you must share our company values—practicing the Golden Rule, taking Ownership, and driving and embracing Innovation.
Custom Ink uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all new team members. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.
CustomInk, LLC (""Custom Ink"") is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity in all forms and are committed to maintaining a discrimination-free workplace that treats applicants and employees with dignity and respect. Our employment process is conducted without regard to race, color, religion, nationality or ethnic background, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other attributes protected by state, federal, and local law."
9	30+ days ago	Neiman Marcus	Sr. Data Scientist	"NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP

Neiman Marcus Group (NMG) has been the premier destination for luxury fashion and goods, superior service, and an elevated retail experience for more than a century. Today, 9,000 associates contribute to the success of NMG’s brands: Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, and Horchow. There are 38 full-line Neiman Marcus stores in cosmopolitan markets across the United States and a sophisticated digital platform that attracts shoppers worldwide. Bergdorf Goodman operates two stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City and BergdorfGoodman.com, catering to loyal luxury customers globally. NMG also owns five Last Call stores and Horchow.com, an e-commerce site that offers premium furniture and home decor.

As an organization, NMG is on a transformational journey to become the preeminent luxury customer platform. NMG continues to deliver the best integrated customer experience and has evolved the business to succeed in the ever-changing retail landscape. NMG is a relationship business. What differentiates the organization from other luxury retailers are its unique assets: a strong store footprint, the most knowledgeable associates, an engaging online experience, solid brand partnerships, innovative digital and in-store experiences, the most loyal luxury customer base, and a strong balance sheet.
Our customers will always be at the center of everything NMG does. The company continues to reinvest in new technologies that enhance the customer experience. NMG meets customers where they are. NMG’s goal is to offer customers a seamless experience across its stores, online, and remote digital selling.

NMG’s priority is to develop a highly engaged and high-performing team where everyone belongs. The business attracts and retains best-in-class talent through unique offerings provided to associates in addition to standard employer benefits. These include an innovative way of working, associate discounts on merchandise, tuition reimbursement, associate hardship fund, and paid time off to volunteer, to name a few.
As part of NMG’s Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) work, the organization is focused on driving its core value of being “All Heart.” NMG is also assessing its current environmental and social impact while developing a three-year plan to lead the luxury industry in its commitment and transparency to environmental and social sustainability. NMG strives to become an employer of choice, driven by a culture of Belonging. A dedicated team focuses on this journey, directly impacting how NMG conducts business throughout the workforce, workplace, and marketplace dimensions.

NMG has incredibly passionate and committed corporate and store associates. NMG offers associates an environment where everyone feels welcomed, nurtured, and empowered. Our associates are the heart of NMG. As an organization, NMG leads with love – love for customers, love for associates, and love for brand partners.

Job Summary
A Senior Data Scientist in Neiman Marcus Group (NMG) enhances customers’ magical luxury shopping experience and increases NMG’s NPV by applying algorithms. The Senior Data Scientist performs statistical and econometric analysis, AI/ML modeling, and optimization. The Senior Data Scientist solves use cases related to personalization, customer engagement, marketing promotions, merchandise planning, supply chain, pricing, and cost. This position will lead data science needs across all Neiman Marcus Group brands, divisions and selling channels.

Job Duties
The position will report to the Senior Director of Data Science
Collaborate with cross-organization to ideate and prioritize use cases, business problems, and user stories that can enhance customers experience and increase NMG ROI.
Lead data science projects independently while collaborating with team members and multi-organizational stakeholders.
Develops statistical, econometric, AI/ML, and optimization models for personalization, customer engagement, marketing science, retail analytics, business analytics, and supply-chain analytics using big data in cloud environment to improve customer satisfaction and promote growth.
Leverage state-of-the-art data science tools, methodologies, and algorithms to drive improved decisions
Collaborate in the development and implementation of predictive models, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms, and data mining analyses with a targeted result of increasing revenue.
Research, innovate, and design algorithms and techniques to contribute in optimization and automation.
May be allowed to work from home or from remote location upon corporate approval
In addition to her/his deliverables, the Senior Data Scientist will mentor and train data scientists.

Qualifications

Job Requirements
At least a quant-based graduate degree such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or other related fields from a reputed university with course work that includes analytics, coding, statistics, math, and algorithm development. Ph.D. is Preferred
Strong in Math, Statistic, Finance, and Econometric
Expert Level skills in at least three of the followings: a) graph/network theory, b) personalized recommendation engine, c) statistical modeling and linear/non-linear optimization theory, d) machine learning and neural Network
3+ years of hands on experience in Data Science.
Experience in working in retail space will be a plus.
Strong coding skills in SQL, Python
Experience in using Keras, Tensorflow, and scikit-learn
Experience in working on Spark, AWS SageMaker, S3, and SnowFlake is a plus
Experience with full lifecycle agile and experimental design methods.
Experience in processing and performing multi-faceted analysis with on-line browsing, sales transaction, product, and inventory data.
Exceptional standards for quality and strong attention to detail
Ability to manage multiple projects and on-demand business requests simultaneously
Able to work in a fast-paced agile team with team members from diverse areas such as marketing, creative, strategy, product, and engineering

Primary Location: United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Irving-Remote Dallas
Work Locations: Remote Dallas Neiman Marcus 5950 Colwell Blvd Irving 75039
Job: E-Commerce
Organization: Corporate
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 20, 2021, 3:03:38 PM"
10	30+ days ago	Microsoft	Senior Data & Applied Scientist	"Do you have a passion for Data and Machine Learning? Do you dream of working with customers on their most forward-looking AI initiatives? Does developing modern machine learning solutions to solve real-world business problems in the cloud sound exciting to you? You may be the Senior Data & Applied Scientist we have been looking for!
The Commercial Software Engineering (CSE) team is a global engineering organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest problems and transform their industries using cloud-based solutions. We sit side-by-side with our customers to collaboratively innovate custom solutions tailored to their business needs. In the process, we help shape the future of our own platforms by partnering with our product groups to improve them. We pride ourselves on making contributions to open source and make our platforms easier to adopt. Our work involves the development of high-impact software assets that contribute to the Microsoft platform that are broadly applicable.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist with strong analytical and development skills to join our expanding team. The ideal candidate has extensive expertise in machine learning and is passionate about creating business value through building robust and performant cloud-based solutions infused with AI. They should be comfortable with the end-to-end ML/AI solutions development process, starting from understanding the customer business problem and ending with production implementation of machine learning pipelines. Don’t worry, we will never ask you to implement the entire ML system all by yourself. We will, however, expect you to be able to contribute to any of its parts. We don’t develop awesome models to see them wilt and die in a Jupyter notebook on someone’s laptop. Instead, we nurture them into production via a fully reproducible continuous delivery process reinforced by a battery of full lifecycle tests. If you’re the type of person who likes both the science and engineering aspects of machine learning, we want to talk to you!
As a group, we work to build consensus with our teammates and customers. We’re looking for the sort of person who enjoys a culture that ensures that all voices and perspectives are heard and considered. Above all we want you to be inspired, and inspire others, by the potential of the future. If you want to chat informally about the role, please reach out to us.
Responsibilities
Developing and deploying solutions with some of Microsoft’s largest customers for solving business problems using machine (deep) learning and predictive modeling techniques.
End-to-end execution of the ML/AI solution development process: from understanding business requirements, data discovery and extraction, model development and evaluation, to production pipeline implementation.
Providing technical recommendations in open source and Microsoft AI and Data technologies, ranging from helping our product teams understand product and technology gaps, through to navigating our customers to the right technology choices for their business.
Qualifications
We are seeking people who have experiences which reflect the qualifications below:
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience with machine learning algorithms for at least one of the following: classification, regression, clustering, reinforcement learning, dimensionality reduction. Expertise in one or more application domains of NLP, computer vision, time series modeling, including some knowledge of the concepts of taking projects to scale in the cloud.
5+ years of experience in research and development of ML/AI based solutions and systems.
Fluency in English.
Preferred Qualifications:
Skilled in Python, experience with Pandas, Scikit-learn. Most of our work uses Python ML stack. Being also comfortable with R is a big plus.
Experience with agile development practices and Git version control. We build reproducible systems.
Experience with one or more of the DNN frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Many of our projects involve deep learning models.
Domain experience in one or more of the following domains: financial services, retail, marketing, health care, manufacturing, media, or telecommunications.
Ability to communicate in business and technical settings. We need to be able to build models and explain to others how and why they work.
Enjoy travel and comfortable with regional travel up to 20%. We meet customers where they are, both technically and geographically. (Nobody is expected to travel for business until the COVID-19 pandemic is under control.)
Some experience with Spark, SQL, Graph stores, or NoSQL stores would be helpful. Many of our customers have a lot of data.
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research or equivalent technical field.
At Microsoft, we are seeking people who have a passion for the positive impact technology can have on communities and for making a difference in the world. Within CSE, you will find a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives, and personal and cultural experiences which are vital to our success with our customers. It’s an informal and flexible work environment and you’ll be welcome to work from home, our offices, customer sites– wherever is best for you to get your job done. We invest in your health, wellness, and financial future by offering a competitive package including a wide range of benefits built around your personal needs and those close to you.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
#CSE-FY21"
11	22 days ago	Fast AF	Senior Backend Engineer- Data and Machine Learning Services	"Build the world's fastest Identity and Checkout products
Company Mission
Our mission is to make buying online faster, safer and easier for everyone. Fast Login and Fast Checkout enable a one-click sign-in and purchasing experience that makes it easier for people to buy and merchants to sell. The company’s products work on any browser, device or platform to deliver a consistent, stress-free purchasing experience. Fast is entirely consumer-focused and invests heavily in its users’ privacy and data security. Headquartered in San Francisco but open to a globally remote workforce, we are a founders-led, privately held company funded by Stripe, Index Ventures, Susa Ventures and other world-class investors.
We are committed to diversity and inclusion, and demonstrate our values through equitable pay, fantastic benefits, and access to all reasonable accommodations.
Summary
Are you looking for a position where you have an immediate impact by building breathtaking data-driven products that scale? You will work on fraud detection, recommendations, propensity models, and more. Come help scale the machine learning and data organization at Fast!
We’re looking for engineers with impressive knowledge of operating at scale who can help build and operate the systems needed to power these products and the models that support them.


Role
You will work with a cross-functional team consisting of engineering, data science, product, and operations
You will design, build, and operate the systems needed to ship data powered product features
Build and support tooling for machine learning engineers and data scientists
Requirements
Remarkable professional experience designing and developing software at scale
Significant programming skills in Golang, Python, and/or Java (we use Golang and Python)
Senior knowledge of distributed systems, databases, APIs
Impressive understanding of machine learning/modeling infrastructure and workflows
Nice to Have
Experience working with Snowflake, Apache Spark, Flink, Beam
Ability to configure and manage compute infrastructure (terraform, k8s, etc)
Working knowledge of stats, experimentation, modeling
Prior startup experience

Benefits and Perks- Because People Matter
Comprehensive insurance (paid 99% by the company) with no deductible, and 10 dollar copays
Globally remote with flexible work schedules to fit your needs
Generous paid parental/family leave for all caregivers- up to 12 weeks
401k with match up to 4%
Equity grant with possibility of refresher
People-focused PTO that you determine- time off is there when you want it, when you need it
Frequent inclusive events scheduled to allow everyone to express their voice (or dance skills)
Monthly exercise and internet stipends-and snacks"
12	30+ days ago	BlackBerry	Senior / Principal Data Scientist	"Worker Sub-Type:
Regular
 Job Description:
JOB DESCRIPTION – SENIOR/PRINCIPAL DATA SCIENTIST
This position is open to remote applicants.
THE POSITION
We’re looking for a Senior/Principal Data Scientist to join the BlackBerry Data Science team. At BlackBerry, we develop state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms to solve long-standing problems in computer security. We discover novel ML techniques and applications, build systems to handle petabytes of ludicrously high dimensional data, and protect people from bad guys.
With machine learning at the heart of all of BlackBerry’s cybersecurity products, the Data Science team is a critical, highly visible, and high-impact team within the company. The team brings together experts from machine learning, stats, computer science, computer security, and various applied sciences, with backgrounds including deep learning, Bayesian statistics, time-series modeling, topology, scalable data processing, and software engineering.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Invent novel machine learning techniques to solve important problems in computer security
Improve upon existing machine learning techniques used within BlackBerry
Write code that scales to very large datasets, often with millions of dimensions and billions of rows
Discover ways to strengthen machine learning models against adversarial attacks
Lead research efforts and advise junior team members when needed
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to turn ML prototypes into new products or features
Publish papers and present research at conferences, including ML/AI/Stats conferences, as well as security conferences like Black Hat, DEFCON, and RSA
Stay abreast of the latest publications and state-of-the-art techniques in relevant research communities (e.g., ML and stats)
Consult with other teams within BlackBerry to help guide their use of machine learning
WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR?
Extensive theoretical and hands-on knowledge of machine learning and deep learning
Strong math skills, including Bayesian methods, statistics, linear algebra, and optimization
Significant experience with python and at least one deep learning library (e.g., pytorch or tensorflow)
3+ years in industry with a PhD or 6+ years with a Master’s degree
TECHNOLOGIES WE USE
Python and libraries like pytorch, tensorflow, numpy, pandas, sklearn, and scipy
Git
Linux/UNIX
Various AWS services including EC2 and S3
Occasional usage of other languages including SQL, PySpark/Scala, and C#
ABOVE AND BEYOND
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Kindness and a deep willingness to help and collaborate with others
Experience within cybersecurity
Job Family Group Name:
Product Development
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40"
13	30+ days ago	Microcred	Senior Data Scientist	"Medium’s mission is to help people deepen their understanding of the world and discover ideas that matter. We are building a place where ideas are judged on the value they provide to readers, not the fleeting attention they can attract for advertisers. We are creating the best place for reading and writing on the internet—a place where today’s smartest writers, thinkers, experts, and storytellers can share big, interesting ideas.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who will help us build a new future for the written word on the web, as part of a team that translates data into actionable insights. Broadly, Data Scientists at Medium focus on analysis — interpreting data, sharing insights, and developing models that improve the product. We work together to analyze patterns at a macro level, answering questions the rest of the company hasn’t thought to ask yet.
You’ll spend most of your time working on a product team: a group of engineers, designers, a product manager, and you, the Data Scientist, all working together in a small group to build new features. You’ll extract key data and findings, define metrics, evaluate A|B tests, identify opportunities based on the data, and share new insights that no one considered before. You’ll bring data to bear on a set of thorny questions at the intersection of tech and media, helping us grow our ecosystem of readers and writers and build a new economic model for written content.
On the day to day, you will
Be a strategic partner to diverse range of stakeholders in editorial, engineering, marketing and product management, generating data-driven insights, to influence the direction of our product roadmap and critical operating decisions
Partner with the organization to define our goals and the portfolio of metrics to measure performance against
Identify the level and cadence of information needed to operate key areas of the business and build dashboards and reports to drive decisions
Leverage a range of sophisticated ML techniques to uncover deeper insights about our our users and content
Design and analyze experiments to answer key business questions.
Build data pipelines and models that enable incisive analyses and performant data visualizations
Provide mentorship and guidance to team members, identify and recommend best practices, help level up overall team capabilities
Be a champion for Data Science and evidence-based decision making throughout the organization, educating and advocating for its use
You should have
6+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis and ML at a consumer-facing technology company
Experience with stakeholder management; effectively driving shared priorities and persuading through storytelling with data
Strong python skills at running data analytics using pandas, jupyter notebook, and the python ecosystem
Experience writing and optimizing complex SQL queries on large data sets
Experience with data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment
Strong in inferential statistics, especially in an experimentation setting (hypothesis testing, power analysis, experimental design)
Skilled in building machine learning models including classification models, natural language processing, and training models on large data sets
Experience manipulating large data sets through SQL, Python
Nice to have
Experience leading others in a data / analytics function
Experience developing in Looker
Natural Language processing (NLP) with large data sets
Experience in big data technologies like Spark
Experience with production model deployment in cloud environments like AWS
Management consulting or similar internal strategy experience
At Medium, we foster an inclusive, supportive, fun yet challenging team environment. We value having a team that is made up of a diverse set of backgrounds and respect the healthy expression of diverse opinions. We embrace experimentation and the examination of all kinds of ideas through reasoning and testing. Come join us as we continue to change the world of digital media. Medium is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested? We'd love to hear from you.
Please note that communication regarding your application, interviews, and job offers will only come from e-mail addresses ending in""@medium.com"". Anything else is not a legitimate outreach."
14	30+ days ago	Medium	Senior Data Scientist	"Medium’s mission is to help people deepen their understanding of the world and discover ideas that matter. We are building a place where ideas are judged on the value they provide to readers, not the fleeting attention they can attract for advertisers. We are creating the best place for reading and writing on the internet—a place where today’s smartest writers, thinkers, experts, and storytellers can share big, interesting ideas.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who will help us build a new future for the written word on the web, as part of a team that translates data into actionable insights. Broadly, Data Scientists at Medium focus on analysis — interpreting data, sharing insights, and developing models that improve the product. We work together to analyze patterns at a macro level, answering questions the rest of the company hasn’t thought to ask yet.
You’ll spend most of your time working on a product team: a group of engineers, designers, a product manager, and you, the Data Scientist, all working together in a small group to build new features. You’ll extract key data and findings, define metrics, evaluate A|B tests, identify opportunities based on the data, and share new insights that no one considered before. You’ll bring data to bear on a set of thorny questions at the intersection of tech and media, helping us grow our ecosystem of readers and writers and build a new economic model for written content.
On the day to day, you will
Be a strategic partner to diverse range of stakeholders in editorial, engineering, marketing and product management, generating data-driven insights, to influence the direction of our product roadmap and critical operating decisions
Partner with the organization to define our goals and the portfolio of metrics to measure performance against
Identify the level and cadence of information needed to operate key areas of the business and build dashboards and reports to drive decisions
Leverage a range of sophisticated ML techniques to uncover deeper insights about our our users and content
Design and analyze experiments to answer key business questions.
Build data pipelines and models that enable incisive analyses and performant data visualizations
Provide mentorship and guidance to team members, identify and recommend best practices, help level up overall team capabilities
Be a champion for Data Science and evidence-based decision making throughout the organization, educating and advocating for its use
You should have
6+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis and ML at a consumer-facing technology company
Experience with stakeholder management; effectively driving shared priorities and persuading through storytelling with data
Strong python skills at running data analytics using pandas, jupyter notebook, and the python ecosystem
Experience writing and optimizing complex SQL queries on large data sets
Experience with data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment
Strong in inferential statistics, especially in an experimentation setting (hypothesis testing, power analysis, experimental design)
Skilled in building machine learning models including classification models, natural language processing, and training models on large data sets
Experience manipulating large data sets through SQL, Python
Nice to have
Experience leading others in a data / analytics function
Experience developing in Looker
Natural Language processing (NLP) with large data sets
Experience in big data technologies like Spark
Experience with production model deployment in cloud environments like AWS
Management consulting or similar internal strategy experience
At Medium, we foster an inclusive, supportive, fun yet challenging team environment. We value having a team that is made up of a diverse set of backgrounds and respect the healthy expression of diverse opinions. We embrace experimentation and the examination of all kinds of ideas through reasoning and testing. Come join us as we continue to change the world of digital media. Medium is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested? We'd love to hear from you.
Please note that communication regarding your application, interviews, and job offers will only come from e-mail addresses ending in""@medium.com"". Anything else is not a legitimate outreach."
15	21 days ago	Advanced Agrilytics	Senior Data Scientist	Senior Data ScientistAdvanced AgrilyticsLocation: Indianapolis, IN OR RemoteAdvanced Agrilytics is an agronomic services company enabled by best in class digital capabilities providing growers independent, sophisticated and robust input prescriptions and operational advice. The company has focused on the major inputs and in-crop decisions as determined by value and return on investment within the overall system. This company is well differentiated from the crowded SaaS providers in the digital ag space given its impressive multi-season results and independent, high-touch business model.Job SummaryExtract insights from the agronomic, soil and environmental data we collect on our customer’s enterprises. As part of the Advanced Agrilytics data science team, your main responsibility will be to develop quantitative solutions and help support new techniques to address challenges in digital agriculture using large datasets.Responsibilities: The Data Scientist will translate clients' data requirements into technical development encompassing data profiling, metadata enrichment, provenance and lineage, exploration, statistical analysis, data mining, machine learning, visualization, modeling, and reportingProvide reports, analyses, processes and visualizations through the various company life cyclesProvide consulting and assistance to agronomists in the effective understanding and use of analytical outcomes and toolsProposing new ideas and novel solutions that do not follow conventional thinking or approaches.Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophisticationEstablish procedures for the application of basic machine learning algorithms to agronomic and environmental dataIn collaboration with the Engineering team, develop processes to implement quantitative solutionsDevelop and support quantitative solutions and related documentationExtending data resources with third party sources of information when neededLead and self-starter who can own complex projects from start to finishIdentify development needs in order to improve and streamline operationsSupport the Director of Data Science in processes such as building a robust analytics system to include digital agriculture components. For instance, crop, soil, and water management, and other relevant strategies or duties based on the needs of the Data Science OfficeLeading learning relationships between team membersSkills and CompetenciesA complete Master or Ph.D. degree in Statistics, Applied Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Engineering, or Computer ScienceA degree in a math-related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems or Statistics)6+ years of professional work experience6+ years of relevant industry experience with statistical tools such as SPSS, SAS, Stata, and/or other relevant predictive and modeling software6+ of relevant industry experience with common data science toolkits such as R, Anaconda Python, Julia, and Apache MADlib6+ years of relevant industry experience with data visualization tools and graphical libraries such as Tableau, Business Object, Plotly, D3.js, GGplot, etc.Strong background in statistics methodology and the ability to infer causal relationships. Have taken such as probability, random variables, design of experiments, statistical inference, and multivariate analysisExcellent applied statistics skills, such as a complete understanding of probabilistic distributions, ability to perform parametric and non-parametric statistical testing, regression analysis, and latent variable modelsStrong background in computer and programing skills. Have taken such as algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and pattern recognitionExcellent understanding (assumptions and drawbacks) of statical models and machine learning algorithms, such as generalized linear models, k-NN, Naive Bayes, tree-based methods, mixture models, SVM, random forests, neural networks, etc.Knowledge of advanced statistical and data mining techniques (e.g. time series, structural equation modeling, reliability analysis, stochastic models, and ensemble learning) and their proper usage, and experience with applications such as SPSS and SAS to include integrating R and/or PythonPreferred: Data mining using state-of-the-art methods on large spatio-temporal datasets derived from agricultural production systemsExperience in working with large-scale spatial and temporal dataExperience with ArcGIS or other geographic information systems (GIS) platform would be beneficialProvide successful cases of data analysis such as peer review papers, github project, or any other related result published on analytical and ML content platformsJob Type: Full-time
16	6 days ago	SAIC	Senior Data Scientist	"Job ID: 217662
Location: RESTON , VA , US
Date Posted: 2021-05-25
Category: Information Technology
Subcategory: Data Scientist
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
Minimum Clearance Required: None
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: None
Potential for Remote Work: Yes
Description
JOB DESCRIPTION:
SAIC is seeking an individual for a Data Scientist role to join the Artificial intelligence (AI) horizontal business unit within Strategy, Growth and Innovation (SGI). This opportunity allows for full-time telework from anywhere within the U.S.
The successful candidate will have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results by creating and operationalizing data science and artificial intelligence products and solutions in support various customer missions within the Federal Government and other Public Sector organizations. You would support a variety of programs including but not limited to customer programs, IRAD projects and bid and proposal work.
The Data Scientist role will work in a collaborative team-focused environment with technical understanding and practical application in prototyping, designing, and integrating niche tools which will be used in an analytical environment. This position will help progress, establish, incorporate, and advance current and promising concepts to inform tactical decision-making timelines. Your role is to provide needed technical knowledge in the areas of Predictive Analytics, AI/ML, Deep Learning Robotic Process Automation and Edge Computing to develop algorithms, support modeling and simulation efforts and provide data analytic skills to conduct a variety of analytical projects.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Conduct analysis of mission data applicable in multiple domains
Formulate and interpret problems in mathematical or computational terms
Design, develop, use, and evaluate mathematical models, methods, and algorithm application to explore concepts and solve problems for the customer
Develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software algorithms (e.g. processing-intensive analytics, novel process development, manipulation of large data sets)
Research analysis products and tools for possible integration to enhance Analytics and AI offerings
Create new tools and applications using a variety of software languages, frameworks, and libraries
Improve, support, and test a Modeling & Simulation framework to support other team member’s analysis work
Refine and enhance existing applications to better meet the customer’s mission
Code, test, and maintain internally developed mathematical software tools

Qualifications
Qualifications:
U.S. Citizenship is required
A Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Information Technology field, Operations Research or related discipline is required w/5+ years' experience; Masters and three (3) years or more experience.
Demonstrated on-the-job knowledge of providing data analytics solutions
Demonstrated proficiency in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, Java, .NET on windows and UNIX systems as appropriate
Hands-on experience creating algorithms and engineering tools for data processing and modeling and simulation
Practical understanding in modeling and simulation with a focus on optimization, including theoretical and numerical methods for analysis of current and future systems
Must have the aptitude and attitude to tackle unsolved technical challenges
Capability to distill complex problems into digestible structures/formats

Target salary range: $115,001 - $125,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."
17	30+ days ago	Levi Strauss & Co.	Senior Data Scientist, Digitization (Remote)	"JOB DESCRIPTION
You’re an original. So are we .
We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we’ve used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi’s®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
At Levi Strauss & Co., we are revolutionizing the apparel business and redefining the way denim is made. The Digitization team at Levi’s seeks to identify and turn our products, information, and processes into data – e.g., discover, capture, and make usable all possible types of data and lead the digitization of all data assets, from the physical photos and clothes in our archives preserving the iconic brand’s 167 years’ worth of history, to internal systems, design, and supply chain process, consumer needs, behaviors, and trends, and more.
As a Senior Data Scientist you will be a key part of the global Digitization team reporting into the Digitization Lead, and will create computer vision, advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI solutions to better address our consumers’ needs while streamlining our processes and approaching the business in more innovative ways. You will work across regions to drive innovation, machine learning operationalization, adoption of data products, and data visualization / user interfaces/ storytelling that put data at the center of our business. You will aim to drive revenue and reduce cost through cross-region implementation, automation and business process improvement. You will contribute to the global Digitization community, share your knowledge and leverage other colleagues’ experience in designing scalable, global solutions.
About the Job
Inspire creativity through new analytical products with emphasis on computer vision, Reinforcement learning, active learning, and other new applications of Artificial Intelligence
Determine and guide a methodology for innovation and rapid prototyping (design thinking, agile, lean startup , etc. ) with Regional teams to develop analytical solutions / production-ready models that solve real business problems in a scalable way
Apply advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI techniques to obtain value from the full range of all data sets, applying Cloud-based technology
Translate complex data and methodology into operationally practical insights
Operationalize and automate machine learning models, driving seamless production practices from both business and technology perspectives
Develop global capabilities for data visualization and understanding, establishing a set of best practices and accelerators to communicate clearly and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences, verbally and visually, to create understanding, engagement , and buy-in
Set community best practices for code documentation, review, and sharing; promote global best practices and standardization
Embody the values and passions that characterize Levi Strauss; have empathy to engage with colleagues from different backgrounds
About You
Advanced Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or an equivalent discipline
Experience developing models and algorithms in a commercial environment with experience creating meaningful business impact
SQL and Python skills required; proficiency in at least one open-source programming language (R, Java, C++ or another) desirable
Expertise in multivariate statistical modeling (e.g. clustering, regression, principal components and factor analysis, time-series forecasting, Bayesian methods) and machine learning (Random Forest, KNN, SVM, boosting and bagging, regularization etc. ) required
Experience with cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP or other), or equivalent on-premise platform
Simultaneously coordinate and track multiple deliverables, tasks and dependencies across multiple stakeholders / business areas
Desirable:
Experience with neural networks and deep learning, using frameworks such as TensorFlow
Computer vision expertise
Proficiency with data visualization tools (D3.js, R Shiny, Looker, Tableau or similar) desirable
Proficiency with Spark or MapReduce
Experience working in agile methodology
Experience in retail or FMCG
We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
401K match : $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
LOCATION
San Francisco, CA, USA
FULL TIME/PART TIME
Full time
Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account."
18	30+ days ago	Fitbod	Lead Data Scientist	"We’re looking for a Lead Data Scientist to join the team here at Fitbod. You will Lead & manage our current team of Data Scientist, while also staying very hands-on. You’ll have the rare opportunity to work directly with technical founders and experienced engineers to impact hundreds of thousands of Fitbod customers and help scale a very underrated form of exercise: strength-training!
Responsibilities:
Core Product Development:Be a definitive resource for the fitbod algorithmLead and implements changes in the algorithm from ideation to implementationBuild Supervised and Deep Learning models for server side algorithm
Data Engineering:Build/Maintain ETL jobs from the production database and third party data sources into the Data Warehouse using AirflowDeploy/Serve ML modelsMaintain/manage shared clusters for Big Data AnalysisManage the Data Warehouse
Data Analytics:Use SQL/Python/Pyspark for analytics and reportsUse tableau to visualize dataUse tabpy to build python driven visualizations in TableauLead Analytics for Finance, Marketing, Product and Support
Management:Lead small teams of Data Scientist across the above four areasWork cross functionally with teams to take projects from ideation to implementationDevelop documentation to standardize Data Science at FitbodData Educator to non-tech team membersPresent complex ideas to non tech stakeholdersLead Data Sprints and Data StandupsHire and onboard new Data Team membersLead initiative for Single Source of Truth in Data
Preferred Requirements:
7+ years of experience developing scalable software in Python or GOM.S or higher in Statistics, Computer Science or related fieldStrong background in supervised unsupervised and reinforcement learningStrong background using Linux via the command lineStrong background writing Bash ScriptsProven record of implementing ML models from EDA to deployment (Supervised, Unsupervised and Reinforcement Learning)Mastery of SQLCloud Computing ExpertiseStrong Background in Applied Statistics: Parametric and Non-Parametric, frequentist and bayesian techniquesStrong Background in Time Series AnalysisExperience planning and implementing A/B testsExperience with Business, Marketing and Financial AnalyticsExcellent communicator 7+ years of experience
Bonus if you have the following:
PhD in related fieldPublications in relevant areasExperience managing Data Science TeamsFitness-minded, practicing strength-trainer, or possess knowledge about strength-training best practices.


Try our app for free! https://www.fitbod.me/
Positions are remote-only, with the option to work from our SF office when it is safe to do so.
We are looking for full-time teammates! Positions include a full benefits package including: Full Medical, Vision, Dental, Life & Disability Insurance, flexible time-off, Slavic 401(k) with a 4% company match, company-wide days off for wellness & social lunches (via Zoom of course), a stipend for the gym/fitness, and all employees are able to expense up to $2000USD/year for continuing their development while employed with Fitbod!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
By submitting your information, you agree that you have read and agree to the terms in our Fitbod Applicant and Worker Privacy Notice"
19	30+ days ago	Radancy	Senior Data Scientist	"Overview:
The radancy Product team is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to support its efforts in building a leading performance media platform for recruitment.
What does a great Senior Data Scientist do?
We run hundreds of thousands of job campaigns generating millions of clicks each month. The Data Science team for advertising has expertise in optimization, regression, classification, and NLP fundamentals to develop world-class strategies for performance advertising that yield the most important results for our customers: hiring the best employees.
Build machine learning models to optimize campaign performance at a massive scale
Identify, creating, and transforming informative features based on historical and real-time data
Lead the technical direction of the Data Science team, in parallel with the VP, Product
Work with Product to define data collection and modeling frameworks
Coordinate and working closely with engineering to put models and algorithms into production
Work collaboratively with other Data Science teams in cross-product efforts
Technical Qualifications
Deep understanding of statistical and machine learning models (logistic regression, decision trees, SVMs, etc.) and clustering and classification techniques
Proven experience building models and placing models into production
Experience in optimization problems, and solving those problems at scale
Well versed in statistical programming languages such as R, Python
Familiarity with relational databases such as Postgres and Amazon Redshift and accessing data via SQL
Degree in a technical field such as computer science, artificial intelligence, engineering
Graduate work in machine learning a plus or relevant work experience
Experience in ""Ad Tech"" data science concepts a huge plus
Personality
A data science expert, ready to provide technical direction to a team from day 1
Knows and loves the startup world - quick thinking and acting with minimal/no supervision
Intrinsically motivated, creative and eager to learn new skills
Ability to work effectively with incomplete information
Great communication skills
Embraces the remote nature of the future of work
Flexible Location (Remote Hubs):
Berlin, Germany | Lisbon, Portugal | London, England | Paris, France | USA
Radancy is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes all qualified applicants regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We actively work to create an inclusive environment where all of our employees can thrive."
20	30+ days ago	Levi Strauss & Co.	Senior Data Scientist (Remote)	"JOB DESCRIPTION
You're an original. So are we .
We're a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we've used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi's®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
At Levi Strauss & Co, we are revolutionizing the apparel business and redefining the way denim is made.
We are taking one of the world's most iconic brands into the next century: from creating machine learning-powered denim finishes to using block-chain for our factory workers' wellbeing, to building algorithms to better meet the needs of our consumers and improve our supply chain.
Be a pioneer in the fashion industry by joining our global Data, Analytics & AI ""startup with ""assets,"" where you will have the chance to build exciting solutions to affect our global business across continents.
As a Senior Data Scientist you will report to the Director of Data, Analytics and AI and will create advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI solutions to better address our consumers' needs while streamlining our processes and approaching the business in more creative ways.You will work across regions to inspire creativity, machine learning operationalization, adoption of data products, and data visualization / user interfaces/ storytelling that put data at the center of our business. You will aim to improve revenue and reduce cost through cross-region implementation, automation and business process improvement.You will lead specific projects for internal clients; directly mentor data scientists, data analysts, and data engineers; and will perform technical reviews on the team's work. Together with the LSA Head of Data, Analytics, and AI, you will make technical decisions on data, technology, and ways of working. You will contribute to the global Data, Analytics & AI community, share your knowledge and use other global colleagues' experience.
About the Job
Inspire creativity through new analytical products with emphasis on computer vision, Reinforcement learning, active learning, and other new applications of Artificial Intelligence
Determine and guide a methodology for innovation and rapid prototyping (design thinking, agile, lean startup, etc.) with Regional teams to develop analytical solutions / production-ready models that solve problems in a scalable way
Apply advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI techniques to obtain value from the full range of all data sets, applying Cloud-based technology
Translate complex data and methodology into strategic, operationally practical insights
Operationalize and automate machine learning models, driving seamless production practices from both business and technology perspectives
Develop global capabilities for data visualization and understanding, establishing a set of best practices and accelerators to share with all kinds of audiences, verbally and visually, to create understanding, and support
Set community best practices for code documentation, review, and sharing; promote global best practices and standardization
Embody the values and passions that characterize Levi Strauss; have empathy to engage with colleagues from different backgrounds
About You
Advanced Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or an equivalent discipline
Experience developing models and algorithms in a commercial environment with experience creating meaningful impact
SQL and Python skills required; proficiency in at least one open-source programming language (R, Java, C++ or another) desirable
Expertise in multivariate statistical modeling (e.g. clustering, regression, principal components and factor analysis, time-series forecasting, Bayesian methods) and machine learning (Random Forest, KNN, SVM, boosting and bagging, regularization etc.) required
Experience with cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP or other), or equivalent on-premise platform
Simultaneously coordinate and track multiple deliverables, tasks and dependencies across multiple partners
Desirable:
Experience with neural networks and deep learning, using frameworks such as TensorFlow
Computer vision expertise
Proficiency with data visualization tools (D3.js, R Shiny, Looker, Tableau or similar) desirable
Proficiency with Spark or MapReduce
Experience working in agile methodology
Experience in retail or FMCG
We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
401K match: $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
Paid Family Leave
EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
LOCATION
San Francisco, CA, USA
FULL TIME/PART TIME
Full time
Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account."
21	30+ days ago	Devoted Health	Senior Data Scientist	"A bit about us:
We’re on a mission to change healthcare — how it’s paid for, delivered, experienced. We want to put people center stage, not process or profit. We are guided by a deep belief that every person on Medicare should be treated like we would treat a member of our own family: with loving care and a profound commitment to their health and well-being.
That’s why we’re gathering a whole bunch of smart, big-hearted people to create a new kind of healthcare company — one that combines compassion, health insurance, clinical care, and technology seamlessly.
""We want to partner with people we love for a cause we believe in. Life is short. Join us.""
A bit about this role:

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who can serve as a liaison to our Operational teams to answer important and timely questions about the health of the business; build robust data pipelines that underpin data-driven products and operations; and drive a data-driven culture by using their technical expertise to identify opportunities to improve key outcomes and operational efficiency. This role will report into our Data Science team, and will work alongside Product Managers, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, and Business Leads to solve key challenges for the company.
Responsibilities will include:
Working closely with key business stakeholders to understand business initiatives and how data insights can drive and measure progress toward them
Balancing rapid, iterative insights with long term sustainability of a trusted data warehouse and thoughtful dashboards and reports
Identifying patterns in the analyses across operations, and using those patterns to improve our data models, tools and processes so we can deliver results more quickly and accurately
Communicating priorities, methodology and results to an audience of mixed technical backgrounds
Required skills and experience:
Ability to work in a fast-paced startup environment
5+ years of individual technical contributor experience
Experience collaborating and communicating effectively with stakeholders
Advanced SQL skills and experience with Python or R
Knowledgeable in data warehouse design for analytics and business intelligence
Equally comfortable building dashboards and reports for KPIs, and doing deep-dive statistical analysis to influence the business
If you love running towards complex challenges and transforming them into solutions, if you want to make a potentially huge impact on many lives, and if you are looking for a disruptive startup with an inspiring and talented team, Devoted Health may be the place for you!
Devoted is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a safe and supportive work environment in which all employees have the opportunity to participate and contribute to the success of the business. We value diversity and collaboration. Individuals are respected for their skills, experience, and unique perspectives. This commitment is embodied in Devoted’s Code of Conduct, our company values and the way we do business.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, the Company does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy status, marital status, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, or any other factor prohibited by law. Our management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment."
22	26 days ago	Thrivent	Sr. Data Scientist (remote)	"Summary
We exist to help people achieve financial clarity. At Thrivent, we believe money is a tool, not a goal. Driven by a higher purpose at our core, we are committed to providing financial advice, investments, insurance, banking and generosity programs to help people make the most of all they’ve been given.


At our heart, we are a membership-owned fraternal organization, as well as a holistic financial services organization, dedicated to serving the unique needs of our clients. We focus on their goals and priorities, guiding them toward financial choices that will help them live the life they want today—and tomorrow.


Join our newly created Data Office as a full-time Senior Data Scientist! You will have a key role to act as a bridge between Data Engineering and expert Data Scientists by generating models to leverage predictive or prescriptive analytic methods established by data scientists. This opportunity is a unique blend of statistical analysis and analytics technology. You will help facilitate getting data from a variety of different sources, preparing data for machine learning model execution, data preparation includes data profiling, drift mgmt. feature engineering, building, maintaining and improving ML models using data science and advanced analytics platform. You will partner closely with the Data Science agile team and data engineering group and maintain advanced analytics infrastructure. You will establish and monitor model management and analytics development processes. Additional responsibilities include developing prototypes and proof of concepts for the selected solutions. The ideal candidate possesses strong passion and willingness to work on predictive analytics and machine learning solutions to various business problems.
Job Description
Job Duties and Responsibilities
Supports data preparation, on demand data processing for analytical solutions leveraging transformational technologies.
Works on multiple projects as an analytics platform COE team member or lead user story analysis, elaboration, design and development of analytical APIs, testing, and builds automation.
Works with team members to design and implement data analytics solutions within project schedules
Code, unit test, train data and create documentation for analytical applications according to the data and analytics blueprint
Works with data engineers and developers to make sure that all data solutions are consistent.
Expands and grows analytical platform capabilities to solve new intelligence and insight challenges.
Incorporates security controls and techniques as required in the solutions and platforms
Ensures all automated processes established to improve reusability and overall productivity of data scientists and data analysts
Helps create and maintain Analytical development lifecycle and ML model management process
Job Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer science, Engineering, Data Science, Business Analytics and other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience.
10+ years’ experience with data science, machine learning and data engineering.
Experience with Statistical modeling, Machine learning, AI, Advanced big data processing and data preparation.
Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods.
Understands how algorithms work and have experience building algorithms.
Significant knowledge of analytical modeling and understanding of different data structures and their benefits and limitations under specific use cases.
Strong experience working hands-on with big data systems to process and analyze structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.
Experience with model management, monitoring and deprecation processes.
Strong knowledge in different programming and scripting languages.
Prior experience in building machine learning models on AWS cloud platform (e.g. using tools like AWS sagemaker) is preferable.
Technical Skills:
Machine Learning: Logistic Regression, Lasso & Ridge Regularization, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Boosting, Neural Networks (e.g. ANN, RNN/LSTM, Autoencoders, W2V etc.), Natural Language Processing, Time series, Support Vector Machines, Naïve Bayes.
Languages/Libraries: Python, R, H2O, SQL, Scala, Java or similar. programming/scripting languages
Big Data: Spark, Spark Streaming, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Pig, Impala, MongoDB, Neo4j.
Visualization: Tableau or MS Power BI is preferable.
Thrivent provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) without regard to race, religion, color, sex , gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable local, state , or federal law. This policy applies to all employees and job applicants.
Thrivent is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation , please let us know by sending an email to human.resources@thrivent.com or call 800-847-4836 and request Human Resources."
23	30+ days ago	ChowNow	Senior Data Scientist, Finance	"About Us:
ChowNow is unique among tech startups in the restaurant space. We power branded online ordering systems for independent restaurants across North America – via websites, Google, Instagram, and through branded iOS and Android apps – and we do it all for a reasonable monthly fee regardless of order volume. We operate this way because of our belief in being fair, sustainable, and equitable with our restaurant partners. And the same goes for our workplace.
Diversity, teamwork, and mutual respect are among our core company values. And we pride ourselves on giving our teams plenty of opportunities to make their mark. To date we’ve created over 20,000 apps for our restaurant partners – something that’s never been done before in our category. And as we expand to new markets, further spreading the word about the ChowNow difference, those opportunities to create, build, and grow will only increase. If this sounds like the kind of workplace, and the kind of mission, that appeals to you, we’d love to talk.
Learn more by checking out our reviews on Glassdoor (they’re excellent). Together we can preserve neighborhood flavor, one restaurant at a time.
About the Position:
As a member of the Team DnA (Data and Analytics), you will be responsible for developing rigorous data analyses to help inform and optimize decision making, processes, and strategies. You will define and operationalize the tracking of both company-wide and department-specific KPIs, identify patterns, and recommend actionable insights to improve how we build products and grow the business. In addition, you will partner with key functional teams and collaborate with the Data team to build a world class data platform, tools, insights, models, and experiments to power data-informed decisions, drive impact, and build the future of Data, Analytics, and Data Science at ChowNow.
Reports to: Director, GTM Analytics & Data Science
Within 30 days, you will:
Progress through our Ramp Camp (ChowNow’s New Hire Onboarding Experience)
Familiarize yourself with the company’s data warehouse and analytics tools
Meet with key stakeholders and DnA team members to better understand our vision and opportunities to make an impact with data, analytics, and data science


Within 3 months, you will:
Define and analyze company and department-specific KPIs, and guide the related instrumentation and data collection
Communicate results, insights, and recommendations to key decision makers
Deliver your own data-driven research, assessment, and recommendations to an executive audience
Partner with key stakeholders to identify opportunities to improve processes, and build systems and tools to enable scalable analysis, reporting, and data quality
Within 6 months, you will:
Identify, design, and execute on analytics projects aimed at finding the best solution to critical business problems
Provide strategic data insights to help cross-functional leaders better understand and improve acquisition and success of restaurants and diners
Effectively communicate learnings and provide recommendations to impactful and strategic decision making
Build automated, scalable solutions to enable advanced exploratory and self-service analytics
You Should Apply If:
You have 7+ years of professional experience in analytics, consulting, or a similar role
You are effective at collaborating with cross-functional teams and communicating with leadership across various departments including Finance, Sales, and Marketing.
You are able to articulate findings clearly and concisely, creating data-driven content and stories that directly provide strategic insight and business value
You have experience as a member of or partnering with Finance teams in a SaaS business to provide your own analysis of business performance and opportunities
You have experience with financial modeling and scenario analysis as applied to revenue growth, pricing analysis, customer retention, and/or business expansion.
You are excited by a role involving acronyms and terms such as LTV, CAC, MRR, ARR, INDEX(MATCH()), GROUP BY, P&L, and EBITDA.
You have built dashboards exposing business performance using Excel, Tableau, or other Business Intelligence tools.
You have strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases
You have strong programming/statistical analysis experience in Python and/or R
You have an ability to surface insights through advanced data visualization using Mode Analytics, Tableau, and/or other similar Business Intelligence tools


About Our Benefits:
Competitive Salary
Ongoing training and growth opportunities.
A ""Best Place to Work"" winner multiple times where we focus on creating a great employee experience.
A remote first culture and monthly stipend offering flexibility to work where you want and how you want.
Rock solid medical, dental, and vision plans.
Mental Health Coverage - we offer several programs to support your mental health and wellness goals.
3 weeks paid vacation; paid holidays; we expect you to work hard, but still enjoy your personal life
7 weeks of baby bonding time for all new parents (within the first year of birth or adoption), 8 Weeks of Paid Pregnancy Leave.
401(k) Matching
Employer-contributing student loan assistance program.
Commuter benefits (including Uber Pool).
Employee Stock Incentive Plan.
Pet insurance for your fur babies
Quarterly Industry Speakers Series.
Quarterly Tech Events (Women, LGBTQ, Diversity, Inclusion).
Consistent & fair leadership: we’ll share info, set clear goals, show you respect, and treat everyone fairly.
Enough freedom to spread your wings while still holding you accountable.
Fully stocked kitchen and cold brew on tap.
As one of ChowNow’s core values, “Celebrates Diversity”, we are committed to an inclusive and diverse work environment. ChowNow is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.
Read here about your California privacy rights.
#Li-Remote"
24	30+ days ago	Principal Financial Group	Senior Data Analyst	"Responsibilities:

Our Specialty Benefits Data and Analytics team is looking for a new member of the business intelligence team to provide data intelligence and insights to our partners! In this role you’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with a team of data professionals, partner with IT to deliver data more efficiently, and deliver important insights to business partners.
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree plus or a Master's in an analytics related degree or equivalent experience
3+ years of related work experience with proven experience in a data professional
Ability to partner with IT and business partners to collaboratively deliver data to meet objectives and provide compelling data visualizations & dashboards.
Ability to collaborate and influence team members on technical direction and business understanding.
Ability to work directly with data and various types of data stores through data consumption/transformation languages and platforms.
Experience building/operating automated processes for data extraction, ingestion, storage, and processing of data sets.
Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and statistical skills to tackle complex challenges around data management and business intelligence.
Preferred skills & tooling knowledge:
No/Low code ETL and Orchestration platforms such as AWS Glue DataBrew or SAS.
Data querying, transformation, and processing languages such as SQL, Python, Power BI DAX/M Query, or SAS.
Business Intelligence platforms (Power BI preferred).
Operational, enterprise, and analytical relational/non-relational data stores such as PaaS cloud technologies, SQL Server, Oracle, and DB2.
Experience with development and workflow methodologies such as Agile.
Knowledge of cloud platforms and surrounding ecosystems (AWS preferred but not required).
Additional Information:

Location
We are open to hiring for this role in our Des Moines, IA headquarters or remotely.
Job Level
We’ll consider talent at the next level with the right experiences and skills.
Work Authorization/Sponsorship
At this time, we're not considering candidates that need any type of immigration sponsorship now or in the future or those needing work authorization for this role. (This includes, but is not limited to students on F1-OPT, F1-CPT, J-1, etc.)
Investment Code of Ethics
For Principal Global Investors positions, you’ll need to follow an Investment Code of Ethics related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization.
Experience Principal
While our expertise spans the globe, we're bound by one common purpose: to foster a world where financial security is accessible to all. And our success depends on the unique experiences, backgrounds, and talents of our employees – individually and all of us together. Explore our core values, benefits and why we’re an exceptional place to grow your career.
Principal is an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status."
25	21 days ago	AccessDentalLab	Senior Machine Learning Scientist	"Summary:

We’re SmileDirectClub, and we believe everyone deserves a smile they’ll love. We also believe that you deserve a job you’ll love. Good thing you found us, and we found you. At SmileDirectClub, we’re all about empowering transformation. We want people to become more confident in how they look, how they feel, and how they think. So we’re spreading smiles and positivity all over the country.
It’s no small task. That’s why we’re looking for energetic, passionate, and confident team members who can help turn frowns into life-changing grins. Are you up for it?
We are looking for a Senior Machine Learning Scientist, reporting to the Director of AI, who will lead SmileDirectClub’s Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning efforts. This person will work closely with business leaders to tailor and oversee the development of cutting-edge deep learning solutions to real business problems.
Responsibilities:
Serve as technical lead on deep learning projects across the company.
Facilitate decision-making across cross-functional teams to drive progress and remove project uncertainties.
Architect deep learning approaches to complex problems that respect business, medical, and physical constraints.
Thoughtfully train, evaluate, and iterate on deep learning models.
Stay up to date on industry trends and best practices.
Contribute to our deep learning framework
Qualifications:
Experience with generative adversarial networks, facial recognition, or natural language processing is a plus.
Experience with 3D AI applications, ideally mesh or point cloud applications, is a plus.
Experience developing and deploying Deep Learning algorithms in the cloud.
You stay abreast of rapidly evolving AI field.
You can articulate the problem approaches and results in a way that brings clarity to projects and focuses energy on achieving business goals.
You’re a creative thinker and problem-solver who can generate and execute on innovative ideas.
You enjoy working and contributing to projects as a team.
You have good oral and written communication skills.
You compliment your intelligence and confidence by being humble and open-minded."
26	30+ days ago	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Sr. Data Scientist	"Master’s Degree in any quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Finance, Computer Science, or Operational Research
4+ years of experience working in Analytics / Business Intelligence environment
4+ years professional experience in modeling and statistical analysis of large data sets

The way the world works is undergoing enormous change. They're working remotely, on the go, and moving from one project to the next. And, they're collaborating across borders, time zones, and organizations. We built Amazon Web Services End User Computing (EUC) services to give companies the agility to respond to the changing needs of their workforce. Our vision is to be the best place for customers to run and access their desktops and apps from any device. Our business is growing immensely, and we are looking for product leaders to help us achieve the next level of scale. More information about Amazon End- User Computing can be found here: https://aws.amazon.com/products/end-user-computing/
We are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist to turn data into measurable business impact. In this role, you will use analytics, experimentation, and predictive modeling to enhance our products. You will also provide automated reporting so that we can track those results. You are results-oriented and can think big about big data with demonstrated success in using analytics to drive product success.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

·

Proven experience in working with databases and SQL in a business environment
Demonstrated use of analytical packages and query languages such as SAS, SPSS and SQL
Proven experience in design and execution of analytical projects
A fundamental grasp of statistics - can perform sample size calculations and reason through error distributions for A/B tests
Track record of developing and implementing models using programming and scripting (Java, Python, R, Ruby, C/C++, or Matlab)
Compelling communication and influencing skills and participation in winning the support of management and influence the course of major strategic decisions
Experience partnering with product managers, designers and engineers to provide data support
Demonstrated experience working in large scale databases and data warehouses
Experience/knowledge of advanced machine learning techniques such as GBM, random forest, etc.
Coding skills in one of the modern languages Java, Python, R
Experience with visualization technologies such as Tableau or Looker
Experience in statistical techniques such as classification, clustering, regression, statistical inference, collaborative filtering, and natural language processing, experimental design, social networking analysis, feature engineering, etc.
Understanding of big data and real-time processing systems and tools (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, MapReduce, Kafka, Storm etc.)
Additional locations include: Cupertino, CA; San Francisco, CA.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

If you like to work in massively scalable distributed systems and want to change the way people use computers - come join us in making history!"
27	30+ days ago	Blue Owl	Senior Data Analyst	"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.
Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category, and that’s just the beginning. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution, and other things we haven’t even dreamt up yet. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living at a societal level. But the key to us being successful in our mission isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s about hiring the talented people who can help us make a quantifiable impact in the world. We’re growing our world-class team.
And that’s where you come in.
The Role
The Senior Data Analyst will work with teams (product, marketing, engineering, data science, CX and business owners, etc.) to measure, understand, and monitor key business metrics across our mobile apps and websites. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with datasets across a variety of systems (SQL, Firebase,...).

This role will be responsible in delivering ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders’ priorities into dashboards. As an early member of the analytics team, you’ll have many opportunities to make a meaningful impact by helping develop how we do analytics as a company.
All applicants for this job posting must complete the simple challenge.
#LI-Remote
Must have:
Previous experience(s) in an early stage startup in an analytics role. Not everything has been built yet and data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much of doing the difficult work to design the core system as it is in getting reliable analytics results.
Skills and Experience:
Degree in quantitative or business fields preferred
Prior experience in a consumer organization is a plus
Web and mobile analytics experience using a variety of tools
Proficiency with Firebase and/or Google Analytics
Experience using SQL
Python experience is a great plus
Experience with web and mobile tagging, including tag management system (GTM, DTM,...)Ability to build and manage dashboarding tools (Data Studio, Redash, Tableau,...)
Strong analytical skills
Team player
Highly organized, attention to detail and curious
Additional Details:
Salary: We pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of PTO, six weeks of parental leave (12 weeks for parents who give birth), and great work-life balance.
Location: May work from anywhere in the US
Some travel required once the San Francisco office re-opens. Frequency TBD
Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office, post-COVID, for in-person collaboration purposes and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.
BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf"
28	30+ days ago	Auth0	Senior Data Scientist	"Awesome tech is made by awesome people. And we’re always looking for new team members who bring the energy, passion, commitment, and collaboration that has made Auth0 the great company it is today.
So what do we exactly build? Auth0 is an authentication and authorization platform designed by developers, for developers. Basically, we make companies’ login boxes safe, secure, and seamless for anyone logging in. Our mission is to secure the world’s identities so innovators can innovate. But it’s a big mission that requires a lot of teamwork.
Words, code, or people, whatever your skill, there’s a place for you here.
We are growing rapidly and looking for exceptional new team members to add to our teams and will help take us to the next level. One team, one score.
We never compromise on identity. You should never compromise yours either. We want you to bring your whole self to Auth0. If you’re passionate, practice radical transparency to build trust and respect, and thrive when you’re collaborating, experimenting and learning – this may be your ideal work environment. We are looking for team members that want to help us build upon what we have accomplished so far and make it better every day. N+1 > N.
As a Senior Data Scientist you will help build, scale and maintain customer- and internal-facing data science products to drive impact across Auth0’s many business functions. The ideal candidate will have a deep technical understanding across the entire machine learning stack, hands-on experience in building models to generate valuable insights, and a track record of promoting a data-driven culture across organizations. You will feel equally at home working closely with product managers and engineers to implement and communicate complex statistical models. You will present your models to business partners in their language, measuring success in business KPIs. You will not hesitate to wrangle data, understand the business objectives and deliver production-level code that generates sustained business impact.
You should be passionate for continuous learning, experimenting, applying and contributing towards cutting edge open source Data Science technologies. You get bonus points for a proven history of research, and should strive toward developing publication-worthy work here at Auth0.
Responsibilities:
Use Python and the vast array of AI/ML libraries to analyze data and build statistical models to solve specific business problems.
Improve upon existing methodologies by identifying new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters.
Collaborate with researchers, software developers, and business leaders to define product requirements and deliver proof-of-concept solutions quickly.
Contribute directly to the design and development of automated selection systems.
Track the performance of and maintain models once they are deployed into production.
Guide project prioritization by measuring and estimating potential benefits.
Collaborate with data engineers to design and execute replicable data acquisition and utilization processes.
Turn your ideas into actionable designs and deliver solutions to end users. You should be able to persuade stakeholders and champion effective techniques.
Communicate verbally and in writing to business customers and the leadership team with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our systems, as well as sharing insights and recommendations, serving as source of research and statistical expertise across the company.
Blog about data science and machine learning at Auth0.
Represent Auth0 in the research community through conference presentations and articles , including presentation of both the methodologies used and results from data science projects.
Skills & Abilities:
Bachelor's degree (or higher) in Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science, or a related quantitative field.
6+ years’ experience as a Data Scientist.
Fluency with scripting languages such as Python and data manipulation/analysis libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas.
Experience leading large-scale data projects and pushing production quality code, including deploying and assessing efficacy of a wide array of Machine Learning models in production environments.
Experienced in handling large data sets and databases using SQL in a business environment.
Superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to scientists, engineering teams, and business audiences.
Comfortable working in a dynamic, solutions- and research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects and associated deadlines.
Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, ability to self-motivate, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a fast-paced, innovative environment.
Experience with A/B testing and associated frameworks.
Knowledge of AWS Redshift, Snowflake or similar cloud-hosted databases.
Familiarity with operational tools such as Airflow and Docker is a plus.
Are currently located in Argentina, Canada, Spain or the United States.
Preferred Locations:
#AR; #US; #CA; #ES;
Auth0 makes the internet safer by safeguarding billions of login transactions each month.
Our team is spread across more than 35 countries and we are proud to continually be recognized as a great place to work. Culture is critical to us, and we are transparent about our vision and principles. We practice N+1>N which applies to everything from our people to how we iterate our tech; we believe in one team, one score; and we give a shit about everything we do.
Research shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds often don’t apply unless they meet all the job criteria. We aren’t looking for someone who ticks every single box on a page; we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. If you think you’d be a great fit, then please get in touch to tell us about yourself.
Auth0, recently acquired by Okta, is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States."
29	30+ days ago	Fund For Public Health In New York Inc	COVID-19 Senior Data Analyst - Temp	"The Fund for Public Health in New York City (FPHNYC) is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that is dedicated to the advancement of the health and well-being of all New Yorkers. To this end, in partnership with the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH), FPHNYC incubates innovative public health initiatives implemented by DOHMH to advance community health throughout the city. It facilitates partnerships, often new and unconventional, between government and the private sector to develop, test, and launch new initiatives. These collaborations speed the execution of demonstration projects, effect expansion of successful pilot programs, and support rapid implementation to meet the public health needs of individuals, families, and communities across New York City.
POSITION OVERVIEW
We are seeking to fill a senior data analyst position in the COVID Epidemiology and Data Unit who will provide targeted data management and analytic support when it comes to investigations of COVID-19 exposures that occur in a facility such as Child Care, Camp, Schools, Universities, House of Worship setting (i.e. Church, Synagogue, Mosque, Temple), Private Gathering, Restaurant/Bar, Work site outside the home, or other event. It is expected that the analyst will work up to 35 hours per week.
RESPONSIBILITIES
In collaboration with other senior epidemiologists, support the oversight and management of the COVID Epidemiology and Data Unit’s Facility Notifications team
Oversee facility data and referral processing and data management of cluster investigations to ensure that activities are conducted according to applicable Facility Notifications protocols, policies, and procedures
Lead a team of analysts who manage, analyze, and perform QA on data related to COVID-19 exposures that occur in facilities
Produce data analyses, reports, and visualizations to support decision-making for COVID surveillance, outbreak, and response activities
Provide leadership with ongoing feedback on protocols, data collection instruments and systems to enhance their effectiveness and efficiency
Ensure proper and complete documentation of code and interpretation guides for all datasets or reports produced
Assist with onboarding and training of new data analysts as requested
Participate in cluster and outbreak investigations, as needed
A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one years of responsible full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or
A master’s degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate filed of physical, biological, environmental or social science and two years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or
Education and/or experience which is equivalent to ""1"" or “2” above. However, all candidates must have at least a master’s degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in “2” above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level 1 can be substituted for the experience required in “1” and “2” above.
REQUIRED SKILLS
Ability to speak, read, and write English
At least one year of experience in health data analysis and epidemiologic methods
At least one year of experience supervising data analysts
Advanced expertise in SAS and SQL for data processing and manipulation
Demonstrated experience and expertise in data analysis and visualization to inform, drive and improve operations and disease surveillance
Strong written, research, and oral communication skills, and experience, including ability to present data clearly to the public and to audiences of varying levels of epidemiologic expertise
Highly motivated and organized with the ability to work well in teams and independently on multiple simultaneous projects
Ability to make well-reasoned judgment calls in stressful situations with imperfect information
Ability to be respectful, sensitive to and understanding of the diverse perspectives of staff and work with them to resolve differences
Ability to work with, collaborate or supervise teams who may work remotely
Proficiency in navigating computer systems; ability to learn new data systems quickly and to comply with data integrity and security to safeguard all personal identifiable information
Ability to demonstrate a professional, positive attitude and work ethic
Ability to work quickly under pressure and maintain composure and good judgment
Excellent interpersonal skills required and ability to interact professionally with people from diverse cultural, racial, ethnic, gender, and socioeconomic backgrounds during a time of crisis and distress
PREFERRED SKILLS
At least one year of experience in infectious disease, outbreak investigation or other public health surveillance
Additional proficiency in Tableau, Excel, R, or ArcGIS a plus but not required
Ability to understand the concepts of institutional and structural racism and bias and their impact on underserved and underrepresented communities, along with a demonstrated commitment to supporting communities who have experienced systemic oppression and bias (e.g. people of color, LGBTQ+ people, immigrants, justice involved persons, etc.)
Have a demonstrated commitment to supporting communities who have experienced systemic oppression and bias (e.g. people of color, LGBTQ+ people, immigrants, justice involved persons, etc.)
Candidates of communities highly impacted by COVID are strongly encouraged to apply
LOCATION
This position will work remotely. All necessary equipment and internet connection will be provided for staff to work from home. You must have a quiet, distraction-free work environment without any conflicting responsibilities during your scheduled work shift.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
The salary for this position is $46.41 - $53.37 hourly and is commensurate with experience (based on an annual salary of $84,468.00 - $97,138.00)
HOURS
This position is full-time, 35 hours per week. Scheduled working hours may include weekends or evenings and may change week to week but will not exceed 35 hours per week.
TO APPLY
To apply, send Resume, with Cover Letter, including how your experience relates to this position here. We ask that you do not contact our staff directly and no phone inquiries please. Applicants who best match the position needs will be contacted."
30	30+ days ago	VROOM	Manager, Data Science (Remote)	"Vroom is an innovative end-to-end ecommerce company that is revolutionizing the car buying experience. Our scalable, data-driven technology brings all phases of the vehicle buying and selling process to consumers wherever they are and offers an extensive selection of vehicles, transparent pricing, competitive financing, and contact-free, at-home pick-up and delivery. We have experienced tremendous growth and have become a disruptive force in the automotive industry. Vroom is an exciting, dynamic workplace, and there's no better time to join the team than right now.
As the Manager, Data Science, you will be responsible for using your expertise in advanced analytics and predictive modeling to guide your team to solve business challenges and enable our organization to make data driven decisions. You will be responsible for managing Data Scientists and for leveraging your domain knowledge in combination with math and statistical knowledge to conduct analyses, build models, and synthesize results across various data sources which will be shared with internal and external stakeholders across all levels.
Responsibilities:
Manage the development, maintenance, and shipment of data science products for various business units
Build and lead a team of data scientists through hiring, coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Apply business judgement to identify opportunities and develop data science strategies
Manage timely delivery of technical data science solutions to address business needs
Advocate and advance modern, agile data science product development practices and help develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Develop healthy, collaborative culture in line with the company values
Work collaboratively and effectively with engineering and business partners to build algorithms and models for demand and supply forecasting
Influence, collaborate, and communicate effectively with other business leaders
Communicate scientific solution and insights effectively to a non-scientific audience
Develop mechanisms to audit the products quality and develop best practices
Qualifications:
A highly talented technical leader with 5+ years of hands-on experience as a scientist or science manager in building quantitative solutions.
2+ years of experience managing teams of Machine Learning, Data Science and/or Engineering professionals
The candidate should have good communication skills and, good management and leadership experience in applying quantitative solutions.
Have the ability to explain analytical concepts to senior leadership and to non-technical audience is a must.
Preferred Qualifications
7+ years of experience building and applying Machine Learning and analytic applications.
Experience with AWS Sagemaker Environment preferred
We value your personal growth, and will gladly train you on any of our technologies that you don’t currently have. Ours is a culture where your voice will be heard, and you’ll be able to see the result of your work! We’re one of the few players in the ecommerce automotive space. As a member of our crew, you will become an industry expert.
#LI-AR1
Benefits
This full-time role offers competitive compensation; health, dental, and vision insurance; a 401k plan; fully company-paid short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance; access to a healthcare concierge service with virtual visits; and 15 annualized days of paid vacation.
But our biggest benefit is being part of a low-ego, high performing team that's transforming the used car market into a modern, online and data-driven industry. We are looking for people who want to be a part of a contemporary startup culture. What gets us out of bed is working with talented people on a mission that matters.
Commitment to Diversity and Equal Employment Opportunity
Vroom is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating a work environment where all employees can find their drive. To do that, we champion a workplace where each and every person is treated with dignity and respect and is valued for their unique perspective and contributions. Our values of SPEED: Service, Progress, Employees, Engagement, and Development are only possible in an environment where every individual has the ability to bring their whole selves to work and contribute fully.
Vroom’s policy is to maintain a working environment that encourages mutual respect, promotes harmonious and congenial relationships between employees, and is free from all forms of discrimination and harassment of any employee (or applicant for employment or service provider) by anyone, including supervisors, co-workers, vendors, or clients. Harassment and discrimination in any manner or form is expressly prohibited. There is no tolerance for discrimination or unequal treatment of any kind on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual and reproductive health decisions, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status or civil partnership/union status, familial status, military or veteran status, predisposition or carrier status, domestic violence victim status, alienage or citizenship status, unemployment status, sexual violence or stalking victim status, caregiver status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
This practice applies to all terms, conditions and privileges of employment including, but not limited to, recruitment, selection, promotion, demotion, transfer, layoff, rehire, termination of employment, development and training, compensation, benefits and retirement.
Please review our privacy and CCPA policies here."
31	30+ days ago	Fund For Public Health In New York Inc	COVID-19 Senior Data Analyst - Temp	"The Fund for Public Health in New York City (FPHNYC) is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that is dedicated to the advancement of the health and well-being of all New Yorkers. To this end, in partnership with the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH), FPHNYC incubates innovative public health initiatives implemented by DOHMH to advance community health throughout the city. It facilitates partnerships, often new and unconventional, between government and the private sector to develop, test, and launch new initiatives. These collaborations speed the execution of demonstration projects, effect expansion of successful pilot programs, and support rapid implementation to meet the public health needs of individuals, families, and communities across New York City.
POSITION OVERVIEW
We are seeking to fill a senior data analyst position in the COVID Epidemiology and Data Unit who will provide targeted data management and analytic support when it comes to investigations of COVID-19 exposures that occur in a facility such as Child Care, Camp, Schools, Universities, House of Worship setting (i.e. Church, Synagogue, Mosque, Temple), Private Gathering, Restaurant/Bar, Work site outside the home, or other event. It is expected that the analyst will work up to 35 hours per week.
RESPONSIBILITIES
In collaboration with other senior epidemiologists, support the oversight and management of the COVID Epidemiology and Data Unit’s Facility Notifications team
Oversee facility data and referral processing and data management of cluster investigations to ensure that activities are conducted according to applicable Facility Notifications protocols, policies, and procedures
Lead a team of analysts who manage, analyze, and perform QA on data related to COVID-19 exposures that occur in facilities
Produce data analyses, reports, and visualizations to support decision-making for COVID surveillance, outbreak, and response activities
Provide leadership with ongoing feedback on protocols, data collection instruments and systems to enhance their effectiveness and efficiency
Ensure proper and complete documentation of code and interpretation guides for all datasets or reports produced
Assist with onboarding and training of new data analysts as requested
Participate in cluster and outbreak investigations, as needed
A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one years of responsible full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or
A master’s degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate filed of physical, biological, environmental or social science and two years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or
Education and/or experience which is equivalent to ""1"" or “2” above. However, all candidates must have at least a master’s degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in “2” above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level 1 can be substituted for the experience required in “1” and “2” above.
REQUIRED SKILLS
Ability to speak, read, and write English
At least one year of experience in health data analysis and epidemiologic methods
At least one year of experience supervising data analysts
Advanced expertise in SAS and SQL for data processing and manipulation
Demonstrated experience and expertise in data analysis and visualization to inform, drive and improve operations and disease surveillance
Strong written, research, and oral communication skills, and experience, including ability to present data clearly to the public and to audiences of varying levels of epidemiologic expertise
Highly motivated and organized with the ability to work well in teams and independently on multiple simultaneous projects
Ability to make well-reasoned judgment calls in stressful situations with imperfect information
Ability to be respectful, sensitive to and understanding of the diverse perspectives of staff and work with them to resolve differences
Ability to work with, collaborate or supervise teams who may work remotely
Proficiency in navigating computer systems; ability to learn new data systems quickly and to comply with data integrity and security to safeguard all personal identifiable information
Ability to demonstrate a professional, positive attitude and work ethic
Ability to work quickly under pressure and maintain composure and good judgment
Excellent interpersonal skills required and ability to interact professionally with people from diverse cultural, racial, ethnic, gender, and socioeconomic backgrounds during a time of crisis and distress
PREFERRED SKILLS
At least one year of experience in infectious disease, outbreak investigation or other public health surveillance
Additional proficiency in Tableau, Excel, R, or ArcGIS a plus but not required
Ability to understand the concepts of institutional and structural racism and bias and their impact on underserved and underrepresented communities, along with a demonstrated commitment to supporting communities who have experienced systemic oppression and bias (e.g. people of color, LGBTQ+ people, immigrants, justice involved persons, etc.)
Have a demonstrated commitment to supporting communities who have experienced systemic oppression and bias (e.g. people of color, LGBTQ+ people, immigrants, justice involved persons, etc.)
Candidates of communities highly impacted by COVID are strongly encouraged to apply
LOCATION
This position will work remotely. All necessary equipment and internet connection will be provided for staff to work from home. You must have a quiet, distraction-free work environment without any conflicting responsibilities during your scheduled work shift.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
The salary for this position is $46.41 - $53.37 hourly and is commensurate with experience (based on an annual salary of $84,468.00 - $97,138.00)
HOURS
This position is full-time, 35 hours per week. Scheduled working hours may include weekends or evenings and may change week to week but will not exceed 35 hours per week.
TO APPLY
To apply, send Resume, with Cover Letter, including how your experience relates to this position here. We ask that you do not contact our staff directly and no phone inquiries please. Applicants who best match the position needs will be contacted."
32	30+ days ago	Veeva Systems	Senior Data Scientist	"Veeva [NYSE: VEEV] is the leader in cloud-based software for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, our customers range from the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. Veeva’s software helps our customers bring medicines and therapies to patients faster.
We are the first public company to become a Public Benefit Corporation. As a PBC, we are committed to making the industries we serve more productive, and we are committed to creating high-quality employment opportunities.
Veeva is a Work Anywhere company which means that you can choose to work in the environment that works best for you - on any given day. Whether you choose to work remotely from home or work in an office - it’s up to you.
The Role
Veeva Data Cloud is a family of data products aimed at bringing more innovative solutions and greater choice to the life sciences data market. Life sciences companies license our data to inform high-impact commercial initiatives, such as patient journey mapping, healthcare professional (HCP) targeting, and field force alignment. Veeva Data Cloud leverages software and cloud technology to develop and deliver better data, faster.
As the Senior Data Scientist for the Veeva Data Cloud team, you will be focused on designing and building our methodologies to bring Projected Data Products to life for our customers.

You are excited about statistics and data science at scale on big data and taking billions of records to tell a story, from sample curation, projection methodologies, anomaly detection, scaling approaches, clustering, and more. You design and build algorithms in a computationally efficient and statistically effective manner, while being able to keep the business problems we are working to solve in mind. While ML is an important part of your toolkit, it's not your only skill. The ability to dissect the problem and to select from a variety of techniques is key.

This is a great opportunity for someone who is excited about using their statistics and data science expertise to design and build the algorithms and models used at the core of launching Veeva’s Projected Data Products. You’ll collaborate closely with the Product Management and Engineering team to productize the methodologies and get to see enterprise Life Science customers leverage your work every day.
What You'll Do
Apply machine learning, data mining, and statistical analysis techniques to large health data sets to build new products and methodologies
Own responsibilities related to project and people leadership, including leading data scientists and analysts
Collaborate closely with a team of data scientists, product managers, and executives to discover and deliver product offerings from prototype to massive scale
Explore and find meaning in high volumes of data to evaluate data quality and extract actionable insights that will help drive business decisions; execute data querying, data cleansing, and experiment design
Rapidly build prototype product solutions, communicate findings, and iterate
Draw from prior experience and technical expertise to identify product improvements and inform testing plans; break overall objectives down into underlying problems that can be prioritized and solved
Work with product and engineering teams to improve and implement methods and features
Master core parts of the Crossix technology platform. Technologies include Spark, SQL, Python, R, AWS, and proprietary data mining software
What You’ll Do
Apply statistical, machine learning, and data mining techniques to large health data sets to build new products and methodologies
Collaborate closely with a team of Data Scientists, Product Managers, Software Engineers and Data Engineers to discover and deliver product offerings from prototype to scale, then iterate and enhance
Explore and find meaning in high volumes of data, identify signals and patterns to identify relationships to infer the universe from imperfect data. Important skills include querying, data cleansing, experiment design, solution assessment, identifying scaling challenges.
Rapidly build prototype product solutions, communicate findings, and iterate
Draw from prior experience and technical expertise to identify product improvements and inform testing plans; break overall objectives down into underlying problems that can be prioritized and solved
Requirements
7+ years of hands-on data science and statistics experience, demonstrating increasing responsibility and impact over time, including experience as the point person on projects
M.S. or Ph.D. in Applied Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Machine Learning or other quantitative discipline
Highly proficient in Python (packages: pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels) and SQL; experience working with AWS preferred
Experience working with large quantities of data to develop models that work in a stable, production approach with live data
Advanced knowledge of statistical analysis and data mining techniques (regression, multilevel regression, poststratification, semi-supervised learning, forecasting, decision trees, clustering, A/B testing, etc.)
Experience working with engineering to productionalize models including scaling, monitoring, and documentation
Comfortable (and excited!) about ambiguity and breaking goals down into tangible and actionable workplans
Strong communication skills and ability to work across internal teams
Perks & Benefits
Flexible PTO
Allocations for continuous learning & development
Health & wellness programs
Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances."
33	30+ days ago	PPL Corporation	Lead Data Architect/IoT Architect- Remote	"Corporate Summary
As one of the largest investor-owned companies in the U.S. utility sector, PPL Corporation delivers on its promises to customers, investors, employees and the communities we serve. Our utilities - Western Power Distribution, Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, and PPL Electric Utilities - provide an outstanding service experience for our customers, consistently ranking among the best in the United States and the United Kingdom. PPL has grown from a company with customers and facilities in one region of Pennsylvania to a diverse energy company with more than 10 million customers in the U.S. and the U.K. PPL provides energy for millions of customers while providing challenging and rewarding careers for thousands of employees around the U.S. and abroad.
Experience Level
Professional
Regular or Temporary
Regular
Full-time or Part-time
Full-Time
Position Summary
The Lead Data Architect is responsible for owning and providing the necessary strategic thought leadership, technical assurance, data integration, and data governance related to the development, evolution, and delivery of the enterprise information architecture domain as aligned to the business. The Lead level is recognized as an expert in own area within the organization and works independently, under minimal guidance from supervisor.
As a Lead Data Architect, you will develop and maintain the platform standards while working closely with multidisciplinary teams to validate solution design and work collaboratively to define/publish data product standards. This role requires deep understanding of Azure big data offerings, data architecture, data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniques and workflows. The ideal candidate should possess experience in both data engineering and cloud products. They are an agile learner, possess strong problem-solving skills, work as part of a technical, cross functional analytics team, and want to solve complex data problems and deliver the insights to enable analytics strategy.

The Lead level is recognized as an expert in own area within the organization and works independently, under minimal guidance from supervisor. Progression to Lead level is limited on the basis of business requirement.
Primary Responsibilities
Leads projects, analyzes and solves complex problems, and recommends solutions in the below areas:
1. Defines cloud data platform products and usage patterns across data solutions e.g. Data Science Sandbox, ETLs, APIs, integration etc.
2. Collaboratively develops platform product principles (e.g. ETL, Databricks, etc.) and validates solutions architecture for adherence to principle and standards
3. Evaluates and identifies specifications, best practices, integration and proper use of cloud services as they relate to overall data platform
4. Partners with business analysts and solutions architects to develop technical architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives
5. Develop and implement strategies to translate business requirements and models into feasible and acceptable data warehouse designs to ensure that business needs are met
6. Work with business teams to determine which source systems are the best sources of Master Data for the Master Data Management system.
7. Ensures quality of master data in key systems, as well as, development and documentation of processes with other functional data owners to support ongoing maintenance and data integrity
8. Establishes and ensures adherence to enterprise data governance framework for data policies, standards and practices to achieve the required level of consistency, quality and protection
9. Improves data integration by designing and evaluating new data interchange formats, improving physical design, and rewriting data policy, standards, and procedures
10. Integrates data shared across legacy and new environments, by developing and modifying functions, programs, routines, and stored procedures to export, transform, and load data.
11. Advises, consults, mentors, and coaches other data and analytic professionals on data platform standards and practices
12. Develops and delivers communication and education plans on data products (ETL, Azure Data Factory, Databricks, etc.) standards, and processes
13. Assists in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools and process for data solutions order to improve our productivity as a team
14. Assists in resolving integration issues, data quality problems collaborating with data analysts, subject matter experts (SMEs) and data stewards
15. Fosters a culture of sharing, re-use, design for scale stability, and operational efficiency of data platform
16. Reviews KPIs on the performance of the overall Data Platform e.g. data pipelines execution times, uptimes etc. and provides remediation guidance to teams
17. May be assigned an Electric Utilities emergency and storm role. This is a special assignment that comes into play during storms and other emergencies when the company needs to restore power or respond to other issues affecting customer service. This role may necessitate the need to work after-hours, outside of your normal schedule.
Candidate Qualifications
Candidates must meet the basic qualifications and pass all required tests or assessments to receive consideration.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility form upon hire.
Basic Qualifications
1. Bachelor's degree and 7 years of related work experience OR 10 years of related work experience.
2. Experience with designing data platforms for user consumption across several user personas (Data Engineers, API, Data Scientists, Data Analysts etc.).
3. Knowledge of data related government regulatory requirements and emerging trends and issues.
4. Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks.
5. Experience with data migration to cloud based environments.
6. Experience with developing solutions on cloud computing services and infrastructure in the data and analytics space.
7. Database development experience and experience with a variety of relational, NoSQL, and cloud database technologies.
8. Experienced knowledge of complex data structures and the ability enhance the data to be integrated across the enterprise.
9. Conceptual knowledge of data and analytics, such as dimensional modeling, ETL, reporting tools, data governance, data warehousing, structured and unstructured data.
10. Understands business goals and strategic priorities.
11. Ability to work at an abstract level and gain consensus .
12. Promotes respect and can work effectively with diverse groups and environment.
13. Intellectually curious and willing to adjust position based on additional information.
14. Exposure to machine learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics.
Additional Requirements
The company reserves the right to determine if this position will be assigned to work on-site, remotely, or a combination of both. Assigned work location may change. In the case of remote work, physical presence in the office/on-site may be required to engage in face-to-face interaction and coordination of work among direct reports and co-workers.
Preferred Qualifications
1. Bachelor’s Degree.
2. 8+ years of experience working in an architecture role.
3. 5+ years’ experience in providing data architecture solutions for Cloud applications.
4. Experience supporting fast-changing business organizations.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Our company is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity and the strength it brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, disability status, or any other protected characteristic.
Job Expires
12-Apr-2022"
34	Today	UnitedHealth Group	Senior NLP Engineer - San Diego, CA orTelecommute	"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Sr NLP Engineer is a key technical contributor in the design and development of state-of-the-art NLP for medical applications. The Sr NLP Engineer works closely with other NLP developers, engineers and subject matter experts on current company technologies and forward-looking projects.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within United States as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Enhancement of existing company NLP technologies and extension of those systems in cloud-based applications
Work will involve all aspects of software design and development from system requirements definition to implementation, integration, and testing
Fair emphasis is placed on engineering support for CI/CD, version control, and performance at scale in a production environment
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate or advanced degree in a computational domain
2+ years of professional experience in an NLP / AI domain (significant academic development experience will be considered for sound applicants)
2+ years of experience with Python
1+ years of experience in C# or Java
Experience programming on Windows & Linux operating systems
Knowledge and experience with object - oriented design
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders
Preferred Qualifications:
Machine Learning
ASP .Net Core or SpringBoot
Flask or similar
Docker
Experience with CI/CD and dependency management solutions (Jenkins, Maven, NuGet, etc)
Experience with version control systems (Git, etc)
Nosql or sqlite databases
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job keywords: Senior NLP Engineer, NLP Engineer, NLP, AI, Python, C#, Java, Windows, Linux, Telecommute, Telecommuting, Telecommuter, Work From Home, Work At Home, Remote, WAH, San Diego, CA, California"
35	30+ days ago	Q-Centrix	Senior Data Scientist–Statistics and Machine Learning	"We are hiring for a Senior Data Scientist to join our 25-person engineering team. As a senior data scientist, you will lead our efforts to improve our health-care reporting workflow and efficiency through analytics, machine learning models, data analytics and natural language processing. You will research, design, and prototype solutions to a myriad health-care related data problems.
Applicants for employment with Q-Centrix must be legally authorized to work in the United States now or in the future without sponsorship.
As a Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Collaborate with our data science product manager to develop and architect new data science programs and products.
Serve as a data scientist practice ambassador within the company.
Work closely with leaders across the organization to look for workflow automation opportunities and execute them.
Mentor data scientists by guiding their technical plans and helping solve their mathematical and machine learning problems.
Our Challenges include:
Implementing behavioral economics and HCI improvements to our existing application.
Using NLP to improve quality and efficiency of medical data abstraction.
Developing novel efficiency improvements and insights from medical data.
You might be a good fit for this job if you have the following qualities and skills:
5-7 working experience in a related field.
3+ years data science experience (preference for Natural Language Processing experience),
Experience with relational databases and SQL.
Ability to solve problems independently while rapidly prototyping to deliver solutions.
Deep understanding of theory and applications of machine learning.
A functional base in programming (Python, R, or comparable language).
BA/BS or higher in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics.
Excellent written and spoken communication skills in English.
Who are we?
At Q-Centrix, we hire people who love learning, value innovation and believe in our mission and values to improve outcomes in healthcare. We applaud qualified applicants who are accountable and committed to producing quality work. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we support and value diversity, dignity and respect in our work environment, and are committed to creating an inclusive environment in which everyone can thrive.
We employ people based on the needs of the business and the job, and their individual professional qualifications. Here’s what does not impact our employment decisions: race, religious creed, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status, health, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, or any status or characteristic protected by the laws or regulations in locations where we operate. If you are an individual with a qualified disability and you need an accommodation during the interview process, please reach out to your recruiter.
We celebrate and embrace these differences, and take pride in our commitment to being an equal opportunity team."
36	30+ days ago	Microsoft	Senior Data & Applied Scientist	"Do you have a passion for Data and Machine Learning? Do you dream of working with customers on their most forward-looking AI initiatives? Does developing modern machine learning solutions to solve real-world business problems in the cloud sound exciting to you? You may be the Senior Data & Applied Scientist we have been looking for!
The Commercial Software Engineering (CSE) team is a global engineering organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest problems and transform their industries using cloud-based solutions. We sit side-by-side with our customers to collaboratively innovate custom solutions tailored to their business needs. In the process, we help shape the future of our own platforms by partnering with our product groups to improve them. We pride ourselves on making contributions to open source and make our platforms easier to adopt. Our work involves the development of high-impact software assets that contribute to the Microsoft platform that are broadly applicable.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist with strong analytical and development skills to join our expanding team. The ideal candidate has extensive expertise in machine learning and is passionate about creating business value through building robust and performant cloud-based solutions infused with AI. They should be comfortable with the end-to-end ML/AI solutions development process, starting from understanding the customer business problem and ending with production implementation of machine learning pipelines. Don’t worry, we will never ask you to implement the entire ML system all by yourself. We will, however, expect you to be able to contribute to any of its parts. We don’t develop awesome models to see them wilt and die in a Jupyter notebook on someone’s laptop. Instead, we nurture them into production via a fully reproducible continuous delivery process reinforced by a battery of full lifecycle tests. If you’re the type of person who likes both the science and engineering aspects of machine learning, we want to talk to you!
As a group, we work to build consensus with our teammates and customers. We’re looking for the sort of person who enjoys a culture that ensures that all voices and perspectives are heard and considered. Above all we want you to be inspired, and inspire others, by the potential of the future. If you want to chat informally about the role, please reach out to us.
Responsibilities
Developing and deploying solutions with some of Microsoft’s largest customers for solving business problems using machine (deep) learning and predictive modeling techniques.
End-to-end execution of the ML/AI solution development process: from understanding business requirements, data discovery and extraction, model development and evaluation, to production pipeline implementation.
Providing technical recommendations in open source and Microsoft AI and Data technologies, ranging from helping our product teams understand product and technology gaps, through to navigating our customers to the right technology choices for their business.
Qualifications
We are seeking people who have experiences which reflect the qualifications below:
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience with machine learning algorithms for at least one of the following: classification, regression, clustering, reinforcement learning, dimensionality reduction. Expertise in one or more application domains of NLP, computer vision, time series modeling, including some knowledge of the concepts of taking projects to scale in the cloud.
5+ years of experience in research and development of ML/AI based solutions and systems.
Fluency in English.
Preferred Qualifications:
Skilled in Python, experience with Pandas, Scikit-learn. Most of our work uses Python ML stack. Being also comfortable with R is a big plus.
Experience with agile development practices and Git version control. We build reproducible systems.
Experience with one or more of the DNN frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Many of our projects involve deep learning models.
Domain experience in one or more of the following domains: financial services, retail, marketing, health care, manufacturing, media, or telecommunications.
Ability to communicate in business and technical settings. We need to be able to build models and explain to others how and why they work.
Enjoy travel and comfortable with regional travel up to 20%. We meet customers where they are, both technically and geographically. (Nobody is expected to travel for business until the COVID-19 pandemic is under control.)
Some experience with Spark, SQL, Graph stores, or NoSQL stores would be helpful. Many of our customers have a lot of data.
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research or equivalent technical field.
At Microsoft, we are seeking people who have a passion for the positive impact technology can have on communities and for making a difference in the world. Within CSE, you will find a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives, and personal and cultural experiences which are vital to our success with our customers. It’s an informal and flexible work environment and you’ll be welcome to work from home, our offices, customer sites– wherever is best for you to get your job done. We invest in your health, wellness, and financial future by offering a competitive package including a wide range of benefits built around your personal needs and those close to you.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
#CSE-FY21"
37	Today	Mass General Brigham(PHS)	Senior Data Warehouse Architect (Data & Analytics Organization)	"Senior Data Warehouse Architect (Data & Analytics Organization)
 - (3157983)
About Us

As a not-for-profit organization, Mass General Brigham is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Mass General Brigham supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research.

We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Mass General Brigham is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step.

Our employees use the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration.


Overview


We seek employees who bring passion, are highly collaborative, and thrive in a dynamic, diverse, and inclusive team. We work in a highly agile environment with a focus on quality and achieving real impact with our work. We are excited to have a team with a rich mix of experiences, with people who bring innovative approaches to their work, an excitement for looking at things from new angles, and a spirit of continuous improvement. Finally, we seek employees who embrace and live our core values of respect, recognition, communication, commitment, trust, innovation, and service. If this sounds like you, we invite you to apply.
Mass General Brigham’s main office is in Somerville, MA. We are currently working as a fully-remote team due to COVID-19 and encourage applications from across the US as telecommuting becomes part of our new normal. We are committed to building an engaged, inclusive community and offer a variety of opportunities to come together virtually and facilitate learning and collaboration.


Mass General Brigham’s board and system-wide executive leadership are making significant investments in enterprise data and digital health, enabling innovation and transformation in the delivery of health care, research and discovery. By building out core digital and data capabilities, we are supporting the achievement of Mass General Brigham’s mission to drive growth and innovation in inpatient, ambulatory, and digital care. We are at the start of this journey and we are looking for talented individuals from across the nation to join us in transforming healthcare and in achieving the expected outcomes of this strategy: improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, and efficiency in the delivery of healthcare with excellence.

In the achievement of these goals, Mass General Brigham’s data and analytic teams are working together to build a system-wide data ecosystem. We are both leveraging current assets and building new, integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities, supporting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights. Teams from Data and Analytics, Research Analytics, Clinical Data Science, and Information Systems are collaborating to build this new data and analytic ecosystem. To ensure success of this effort, Mass General Brigham is standing up a new Data and Analytics operating model with a goal of driving a level of standardization for data and analytic operations across the teams involved.

The value of investments in data and analytics were proven out during our response to COVID-19 as these investments were leveraged to stand up new reporting and analytic capabilities to support executive and clinical leadership on managing the pandemic. Our broad data and analytic community has come together across Mass General Brigham ’s 14 healthcare sites with shared urgency, delivering analytic tools to our system that drove timely insights in both clinical and operational domains, resulting in effective delivery of critical care and in organizational efficiencies during a time of reduced resources.

Team Description
As a Senior Data Architect, you are a critical member of the Mass General Brigham Data & Analytics Organization (DAO) Enterprise Data Warehouse Data Architecture team. The Data Architecture team works together with other DAO teams to design, develop, validate, maintain, and support the EDW platform and many different analytic data assets and products. The EDW team is in process of migrating to a Cloud Data platform and looking for a Cloud enthusiast as we move to Azure Cloud. The ideal candidate will have a strong data architecture pedigree, enjoys working with new data technologies and excellent communication and leadership skills. If you are seeking a new challenge and are motivated by transformations we encourage you to apply.

Role Summary

The Senior Data Architect reporting directly to the Manager of the Enterprise Data Warehouse will specifically be responsible to:
Develop and revise the most complex conceptual, logical, and physical data models for an Enterprise (i.e. Enterprise Data Architecture)
Build and maintain a deep understanding of the data and analytic landscape at Mass General Brigham including data sources, data and analytic assets and products, analytic tools and software, and master data
Act as Technical Lead on data projects and guide and mentor other Data Architects and Data Engineers
Determine database structural requirements by analyzing business operations, applications and data, evaluating current systems, and reviewing objectives with business partners
Create data models that conform to current standards and conventions
Apply expertise and best practices to the development and revision of data architecture standards and conventions as well as development processes and procedures
Develop and revise data dictionary definitions and provide input to data governance practices and standards
Partner with security architects to ensure compliance with data security and privacy policies and procedures
Participate in Architectural strategies on the EDW migration to Cloud platform e.g. integration with Data Lake, other Azure services


Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Understands how data is used to support analytical and/or operational reporting including architectural dependencies, high-volume processing, and enterprise-level integration
Interviews business users to obtain requirements for enhancements and/or new analytic assets
Maps source system data to data warehouse models
Assists in the Development of data asset training and documentation
Helps business users select the appropriate BI tool(s)
Works with teams to integrate data across clinical, administrative, and financial source systems including the management of critical master data
Develops and tests extraction, transformation, and load (ETL) processes
Recommends standards for technology and technical processes
Present best practices and provide feedback to other Data Architects at the Data Architecture Quality Circle workgroup
Presents technical solutions to stakeholders and end users
Use/s the Mass General Brigham values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration

Qualifications
Minimum of 10 years of relevant hands on experience including data architecture design and deployment, data modeling especially dimensional data modeling (OLAP), and database development
A strong foundation and experience in working with complex healthcare data is required, experience with Epic clinical or financial data a plus
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Experience using Erwin or similar tools for developing and maintaining data models
Expert data analysis skills to profile and understand source system data
Strong experience with SQL querying and programming

PREFERRED SKILLS/ABILITIES/COMPETENCIES
Deep technical hands-on expertise in data warehousing, master data, big data analytics, real-time analytics, data visualization, business intelligence, NLP, and reporting
Experience with Cloud Data Warehouse platforms e.g. Snowflake, Azure Synapse
Experience with the Azure stack (Azure Data Factory, ADLS, Azure Databricks, Azure ML, Azure Synapse, and Azure SQL) to help build a modern platform for data that will be sourced from a variety of analytic and operational application
Excellent consultative skills, ability to understand business needs and translate into technical requirements and automated solutions
Strong creative problem solving with ability to craft Mass General Brigham-specific solutions to meet the wide range of business needs across the organization
Adept at establishing trusted relationships at all levels across the organization and collaborating across multi-functional teams
Understanding of capabilities of vendor infrastructure products, including SMP (symmetric multiprocessing) and MPP (massively parallel processing) system
Advanced knowledge of data warehousing architectural approaches and data modeling
Highly skilled at constructing queries using a supported query tool
Understands BI tool architecture, functions, features
Flexibility, diplomacy, and problem-solving
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization including senior business and clinical leaders and executives
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server platform
Experience with Health Catalyst EDW platform
Experience with Tableau reporting tools and platform
Experience in agile project development for data projects
Experience with Data Warehouse migration from on prem to cloud


WORKING CONDITIONS

MGB has implemented special remote working policies due to COVID-19. These policies are subject to change; however, it is currently expected that this position will work remotely (e.g. from home) full time through September 2021

If onsite:
Possible local travel to Mass General Brigham sites, vendors, and conferencesNormal office working conditions. The noise level in the work environment is quiet to moderate.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; talk; or hear; use hands to finger; handle; or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop; kneel; or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY

May lead project teams

EEO Statement
Mass General Brigham is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law.
Primary Location MA-Somerville-MGB Assembly Row
Work Locations MGB Assembly Row 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145
Job Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing
Organization Mass General Brigham(PHS)
Schedule Full-time
Standard Hours 40
Shift Day Job
Employee Status Regular
Recruiting Department PHS Data Analytics Office
Job Posting Jun 1, 2021"
38	30+ days ago	Pacific Life	Director - Data Science	"Job Description:
Pacific Life is investing in bright, agile and diverse talent to contribute to our mission of innovating our business and creating a superior customer experience. We’re actively seeking a talented Director of Data Science to join our Life Division Advanced Analytics team in Aliso Viejo, CA. This role can be on-site or 100% remote.

As a Director of Data Science, you will have an opportunity to impact Pacific Life’s growth and long-term success by developing and defining the Advanced Analytics area in the Life Insurance Division. This is a new role that will work with key stakeholders, mentor two senior data scientists in Advanced Analytics, help coordinate with offshore resources and collaborate with technical teams based in California and Virginia.

​While our team aims to hire at the Director level, candidates who meet most but not all requirements are encouraged to apply. Actual job title and offer will be based on experience and skillset.

How you will make an impact:
Provide peer review for advanced analytics projects throughout the life insurance division as well as mentorship for analytics practitioners.
Help set the AI/ML strategy for the life insurance division. Define and evangelize best practices.
Hands-on development of some of the most complex AI/ML models and pipelines
Participate in ongoing monitoring, governance, and risk management.

The experience you will bring:
8+ years’ experience in data science or AI/ML
Love of coaching, mentorship, and collaboration
Solid business acumen to put analytics in the appropriate context while identifying key metrics that measure and drive long term growth
Demonstrated familiarity with machine learning algorithms and techniques (deep learning, decision trees, etc.), experience and knowledge of statistical modeling techniques (GLM, logistic regression, etc.), and experience with common machine learning and cloud libraries (scikit-learn, XGBoost, TensorFlow, etc.).
Solid software engineering and pipeline building skills
Proven track record of solving real business problems through analytics, especially in insurance and finance
Solid communication skills. Explaining difficult AI/ML concepts to business stakeholders and incorporating their feedback.
MLOps experience, deep knowledge and understanding of AI/ML tools and techniques

What will make you stand out:
Experience in the Insurance or Financial industry

More reasons to join:
At Pacific Life, the work we do matters. We work passionately each day to drive our company forward while enjoying job security, flexible scheduling, and great opportunities for career growth.
If you’re seeking a thriving career doing the type of meaningful work that’s all too rare at a Fortune 500 Company, Pacific Life is the place for you. If you are a self-starter who appreciates creativity and individuality in your colleagues – even better. We look forward to receiving your application.
Want to learn more about life at Pacific Life? Take an inside look at our company culture: Instagram.com/lifeatpacificlife.

Our response to COVID-19
Despite the pandemic, Pacific Life has remained safe, stable and productive, thanks to our digital processes and people-first culture. An agile approach has aided us in successfully shifting our recruiting and onboarding activities toward a safe work-from-home environment. Please let us know if you have any questions about the interview process or about our response to COVID-19. #LI-AI1

How We Help You Succeed:
We’re fostering a culture of shared values across our company by providing generous compensation and comprehensive benefits that allow our employees to find fulfillment and security in personal life and career alike. These include:

Competitive Salary and Benefits

Work-Life Balance & Flexible Scheduling

Medical, dental, and vision as part our commitment to investing in the health and wellbeing of our employees

Two retirement savings plans: 401k savings plan with company match and Company Retirement Contribution (company-paid)

Generous PTO and holiday pay

Warm Colleagues & Inspiring Culture

EEO Statement:
Pacific Life Insurance Company is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, M/F/D/V. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at Pacific Life Insurance Company."
39	30+ days ago	Etsy	Senior Applied Scientist	"Company Description
Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. As an Etsy employee, you’ll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.

Job Description
Etsy is looking for a Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our Machine Learning Systems team. Our team's goal is to build real-time, configurable & scalable systems that enable state of the art machine learning algorithms for product experiences at Etsy.
We are looking for individuals who will push the boundaries of our ML platform & systems by investigating & building cutting-edge systems for Etsy. Ideal candidates have experience building platforms & services for Machine learning problems at scale. We are seeking individuals passionate in building systems & infrastructure for Recommender Systems, Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing, Computational Advertising, Deep Learning and Computer Vision.
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
Please check dsml.etsy.com for more information about the team.
What We’re Working On:
Platform for Reinforcement Learning / Bandit algorithms
Computer Vision pipelines & systems
Realtime ML & Streaming services for Machine Learning
Centralized Feature Store
Embeddings Platform / Approximate Nearest Neighbor systems

Qualifications
You share our values (below) and are looking for a company that has a solid mission.
Solid background in Machine Learning and related fields (equivalent of B.S. degree or above in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning, Operation Research, Statistics, Data Science or related engineering fields).
You have strong analytical and quantitative skills. You are familiar with techniques in at least one of the following fields: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Recommender Systems, Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing, Computational Advertising, Deep Learning and Computer Vision.
3+ years of industry ML Engineering & systems experience.
Strong engineering and coding skills, with ability to write high performance production code. Proficiency in Java, Python, Scala, and/or other equivalent languages.
Hand-on experience in Machine learning frameworks & technologies such as Tensorflow / TFX, Pytorch, Kubeflow.
Practical experience designing & architecting machine learning systems is preferred.
Proficiency with data pipelines in Hadoop/Spark is a plus.
Experience with streaming data and its application to ML solutions a plus.
Strong collaboration skills as well as both verbal and written communication skills.
What we care about:
Curiosity and humility. We are dedicated to learning and constantly improving. We hope you also value things like blameless postmortems and have a natural drive to figure out how everything works.
Keeping it real. Etsy’s mission and values are a part of everything we do. We care about how our work affects real people in the community and enjoy opportunities to meet them. We are motivated by this mission every day.
Additional Information
What's Next
If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you’ve hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don’t want you to be like everyone else — we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you’re all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets."
40	30+ days ago	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Sr. Data Scientist	"Master’s Degree in any quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Finance, Computer Science, or Operational Research
4+ years of experience working in Analytics / Business Intelligence environment
4+ years professional experience in modeling and statistical analysis of large data sets

The way the world works is undergoing enormous change. They're working remotely, on the go, and moving from one project to the next. And, they're collaborating across borders, time zones, and organizations. We built Amazon Web Services End User Computing (EUC) services to give companies the agility to respond to the changing needs of their workforce. Our vision is to be the best place for customers to run and access their desktops and apps from any device. Our business is growing immensely, and we are looking for product leaders to help us achieve the next level of scale. More information about Amazon End- User Computing can be found here: https://aws.amazon.com/products/end-user-computing/
We are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist to turn data into measurable business impact. In this role, you will use analytics, experimentation, and predictive modeling to enhance our products. You will also provide automated reporting so that we can track those results. You are results-oriented and can think big about big data with demonstrated success in using analytics to drive product success.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

·

Proven experience in working with databases and SQL in a business environment
Demonstrated use of analytical packages and query languages such as SAS, SPSS and SQL
Proven experience in design and execution of analytical projects
A fundamental grasp of statistics - can perform sample size calculations and reason through error distributions for A/B tests
Track record of developing and implementing models using programming and scripting (Java, Python, R, Ruby, C/C++, or Matlab)
Compelling communication and influencing skills and participation in winning the support of management and influence the course of major strategic decisions
Experience partnering with product managers, designers and engineers to provide data support
Demonstrated experience working in large scale databases and data warehouses
Experience/knowledge of advanced machine learning techniques such as GBM, random forest, etc.
Coding skills in one of the modern languages Java, Python, R
Experience with visualization technologies such as Tableau or Looker
Experience in statistical techniques such as classification, clustering, regression, statistical inference, collaborative filtering, and natural language processing, experimental design, social networking analysis, feature engineering, etc.
Understanding of big data and real-time processing systems and tools (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, MapReduce, Kafka, Storm etc.)
Additional locations include: Cupertino, CA; San Francisco, CA.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

If you like to work in massively scalable distributed systems and want to change the way people use computers - come join us in making history!"
41	30+ days ago	Custom Ink	Senior Marketing Data Analyst	"Are you a curious-by-nature analyst with a knack for connecting the dots between complex data sets, technologies, processes, and people? Do you believe in the power of data to improve customer experience and drive business results? If so, we’d love to chat!
Custom Ink, the leader in custom apparel for groups and communities, is all about bringing people together. That's what inspires our innovative online platform, world-class customer support, and award-winning work environment. With 1,600+ team members (“Inkers”), we are passionate about the success and well-being of our team and have earned frequent recognition as a top workplace from such organizations as Fortune Magazine and The Washington Post. Our customers are counting on us to come through for them, and that’s important to all Inkers - no matter what role they’re in.
How you’ll make a difference:
As Senior Data Analyst, focused on our Marketing initiatives, you’ll be a strategic partner in ensuring channel effectiveness and scalability, increasing the profitability and success across Search, Digital, and Offline channels. You’ll serve as a strong partner for driving important business decisions by providing analytical thinking and approaches to our understanding of marketing and creative performance. Your work will also lead to increased success and performance for our teams and will uncover insights and understanding of diverse customer needs that will lead to meaningful long-term engagement and increased customer loyalty for Custom Ink . At Custom Ink, we love data so your skills will be in high demand and your work will be highly visible. You’ll also play a critical role in elevating the Data & Analytics function and will report to the Director of Data Analytics.
What you’ll do:
Custom Ink is focused on growth, high-performance, and innovation, all while delivering a best in class customer experience no matter the touchpoint. As Senior Data Analyst working with our Marketing teams, you’ll:
Drive timely and valuable insights and reporting that contributes to strategic decisions and Marketing effectiveness
Measure channel/campaign performance, develop deep insights to drive performance, and design sophisticated testing plans.
Develop insights, leveraging an outside perspective, on how we can improve/scale channels and their corresponding sales funnels
Build a detailed understanding of our datasets and brainstorm how to use that data to drive our marketing efforts and attribution modeling techniques
Provide subject matter expertise as it relates to attribution modeling, marketing mix, etc.
Build a trusted partnership with the marketing team, their agency partners and related teams in Finance and Merchandising to understand their needs and programs and contribute to clear business cases
Expose root cause of changes and trends and recommend actions to accelerate or curb them
Collaborate with Data & Analytics leaders to plan for and prioritize work that keeps us oriented toward goals that drive our business forward as well as continuously evaluate process and collaboration within the D&A function to increase capacity
Contribute to the performance of your peers through collaboration and partnership while leveraging business acumen
Maintain a big picture focus while directly supporting specific Marketing- no area of our business is an island!
How you’ll be measured:
Success in this role is critical to the successful and healthy growth of Custom Ink and vital to building successful marketing strategy and channel optimization. Therefore, success will be measured by:
Perform insightful and actionable analyses that help drive improvements in Marketing
Expose root cause of changes and trends and recommend actions to accelerate or curb them
Become a trusted advisor to our Marketing teams
Be a champion of data democratization throughout the company
Demonstrate impact of analysis on business results
Sales performance of existing, evolved, and new programs
Marketing cost savings and process optimization driving efficiency gains
What we’re looking for:
This is a critical role so we’ve set our sights high:
5+ years experience performing analysis on large and often incomplete data sets and translating results for consumption by business partners. Marketing focus a plus.
Expert in Excel and SQL. Google Analytics, Tableau, R and Python skills desired. Demonstrated use of machine learning techniques (logistic regression, linear regression, etc.) for business problems a plus
Excellence in statistics, data & analytics, predictive modeling & hypothesis testing
Demonstrated strategic problem solver
Ability to be a strong partner to the business, influence decision making and focus on details while keeping an eye on overall objectives
Ability to juggle multiple ongoing projects, seamlessly transition between them, and work autonomously
Ability to determine tech and data needs from business requirements
Values data integrity and accurate reporting
Stellar interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to adjust approach/message by audience
A passion for continuous improvement and problem solving, with a genuine desire to own and build something special
A head for business and numbers and a heart for people
In addition, you must share our company values—practicing the Golden Rule, taking Ownership, and driving and embracing Innovation.
Custom Ink uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all new team members. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.
CustomInk, LLC (""Custom Ink"") is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity in all forms and are committed to maintaining a discrimination-free workplace that treats applicants and employees with dignity and respect. Our employment process is conducted without regard to race, color, religion, nationality or ethnic background, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other attributes protected by state, federal, and local law."
42	30+ days ago	Underwriters Laboratories Inc.	Senior Renewable Energy Engineer/Data Scientist (Asset Performance & Turbine Suitability Group)	"Â :

At UL, we know why we come to work.:

Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with a common purpose: to make the world a safer, more secure and sustainable place. Science is in our DNA; we are endlessly curious and passionate about seeking and speaking the truth. We take delight in knowing that our work makes a meaningful contribution to society, and we are proud that our culture is centered on integrity, collaboration, inclusion and excellence. UL stands at the forefront of technological advancement, and we are continually challenged to find new ways to foster innovation and positive change. Satisfying? Yes. Exciting? Absolutely!
Our comprehensive portfolio of renewable energy solutions help stakeholders plan, design, finance, build, invest, operate, maintain, and manage wind both on land and offshore, and solar throughout the project lifecycle and across the value chain. Working at UL means you will be part of a team delivering proven science, expert engineering, and innovative solutions that address the unique challenges of these industries. (link: https://aws-dewi.ul.com/)
UL is seeking a senior-level Renewable Energy Engineer/Data Scientist to join the Asset Performance and Turbine Suitability Group. Analysts contribute to the development of innovative, high quality products and services, typically working on multiple projects in parallel with all levels of staff. This position will work under the direction of a team leader having responsibility for the completion of high-quality renewable energy analysis work with a focus on operational wind and solar assets. Analysis of operational renewable energy assets involves working across a full range of disciplines from data science, atmospheric science, time series analysis and computer science. This is a full-time position located in the United States and the location is flexible depending on business needs.
What youâll learn & achieve::
Timely and efficient completion of high-quality renewable energy analysis work.
Review, validation, and analysis of meteorological, SCADA, revenue meter data and monthly operations reports.
Estimation of plant losses, availability and uncertainty quantification.
Write/review reports and present results to customers and other interested parties.
Understand and ensure company quality control standards are met and contribute to continuous improvement of mature products using standard software development tools and revision control.
Support business development activities, including meeting with customers, presenting at conferences and collaborating on scopes of work.
Contribute to documentation and development of internal systems used by global analyst to deliver standardized products. Ensure standardized product assembly line is both user friendly and has sufficient understandability.
What makes you a great fit::
Bachelor’s degree (Master’s preferred) in a quantitative field (physical science, engineering, data science or statistics) from an accredited University.
3-5 years’ experience in the wind energy sector.
Experience working directly with customers to develop scopes of work and to present technical results/findings.
Thorough working knowledge of a programming language(s) including R, Python and/or MATLAB. Demonstrated ability to pick up new languages is sufficient.
Database management skills preferably PostgreSQL.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word).
What youâll experience working at UL::
Mission: Shape the way we approach and deliver our solutions to promote a secure and more sustainable world
People: Work with colleagues, who listen to, learn from and challenge each other so that you can continually push for excellence and results
Interesting work: Your work at UL will challenge you to try fresh approaches, work autonomously, drive change and help you gain in-depth experience in your field
Grow & achieve: Growth and development are part of our DNA. Grow & achieve with targeted development, reward and recognition programs as well as your very own UL University
#ThisIsOurNormal: Competitive renumeration & bonus packages, possibility to work remotely, and much more!
Learn More::

To apply, please use the button below – we are looking forward to hearing from you!"
43	30+ days ago	Metrika Inc.	Senior Data Analyst (Blockchain Protocols)	"Metrika is a well-funded US-based startup building the world's premier operational intelligence platform for blockchain. Metrika works with a variety of organizations, such as blockchain vendors and associations, to help them and their community members analyze the performance, security, and reliability of their Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) networks.

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will work across multiple client engagements and conduct in-depth data analyses that reveal key insights about the operational health of DLT networks. You will build and maintain dashboards, reports, and alerts to provide visibility into network performance. You will identify trends and develop standardized solutions across clients that help us scale our impact in our engagements. Your work will be used by DLT network operators to improve the resilience of their networks and create transparency around network operations for community members, and internally your analyses will become proof-of-concepts as we develop new services.
If you are passionate about exploring, analyzing, and making large amounts of data easy to understand and would love to work with a geographically distributed team in an avant-garde field, join us!
What this position is all about
What you’ll do:

Explore and analyze blockchain data and develop an understanding of how blockchain networks work
Analyze large amounts of data to identify trends and define higher-level insights that convey the operational health, performance, security and resilience of DLT networks.
Identify data sources and define complex queries to answer ad-hoc client questions about their network.
Standardize analyses and solutions across client engagements, with an emphasis on automation and scalability.
Work with account owners to assess client needs and participate in client meetings when needed.
Please note: Our Engineering team is predominantly based in Europe. This position is currently open to those resident and currently able to work in the European Economic Area (EU, Norway, Liechtenstein), Switzerland, the UK as well the eastern United States/Canada (UTC-4/UTC-5 timezone)
Metrika Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion.
Qualifications

You will need:

A bachelor's degree in Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or related field. Masters or higher degrees preferred
Strong problem solving skills
Experience using Python to manipulate data and draw insights
Experience with relational databases and non-relational databases
Experience with data visualization software (e.g., Kibana, Grafana, Tableau)
The ability to communicate well with your team, both interactively and asynchronously, and that of being a positive, constructive team member

You'll be a great fit if you:

Are familiar with blockchain technology
Have experience in performing exploratory data analysis on heterogeneous data sets
Have experience with basic statistical analysis
Have experience in building, maintaining, improving dashboards that successfully convey business-critical KPIs
Can use Python to ingest data from third-party APIs and systems into a database for processing
Can use Python to clean up and prepare data for analysis"
44	27 days ago	Sensor Tower	Senior Data Scientist, Ad Intelligence	"Who We Are:
Sensor Tower is the leading solution for mobile marketers, app developers, and industry analysts who demand superior competitive insights into the mobile market economy.
We serve independent and Fortune 500 customers alike, spanning the mobile games, travel & hospitality, music, finance, and broadcast entertainment markets. Our suite of products consist of free, “SMB”, and Enterprise-tiered solutions including Store Intelligence, Usage Intelligence, Ad Intelligence, and App Intelligence.
We are a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco and was a member of AngelPad’s startup incubator program in 2013. Our insights are cited by the world’s leading news and finance publications, including the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Forbes, Fortune, Bloomberg, CNBC, The Washington Post, and Reuters.
Role Summary:
As a Senior Data Scientist, Ad Intelligence, you will be the expert on all things related to competitive insights for the mobile advertising space. You will leverage your mobile advertising and mobile industry knowledge to develop and implement models used to generate our Ad Intelligence data. This data allows one to uncover insights such as which app publishers are advertising the most on mobile app campaigns, which creatives are performing best across certain ad networks, and which ad network a publisher is marketing on the most.

You’ll be working on a wide range of models designed to be able to both accurately estimate the data spanning the largest advertisers and the long tail. Managing the scale of data and the load will be key to ensuring the success of the product. To learn more about one of these challenges, here's a link to our blog post describing how to speed up the backend with graph theory. You can read more about our industry-leading Ad Intelligence solution here.
Requirements
Master's degree or above in mathematics, statistics, or computer science
5+ years applied experience in business intelligence, data mining, analytics, or statistical modeling in technology or mobile industries
3+ years of experience in a technical role within the mobile advertising space (i.e. experience at mobile attribution companies, mobile ad networks, mobile ad agencies)
3+ years of programming experience (Ruby or Python)
A passion for data analysis and presentation of data insights
Ability to communicate effectively with technical developers and non-technical marketing business partners
Ability to self-direct and consider the business impact in project development
Moderate experience implementing machine learning algorithms (e.g. you are able to put your models into production)
Good working knowledge of MongoDB
Strong proficiency with one or more statistical visualization or graphing toolkits (MS Excel, a Javascript framework like Highcharts or Tableau)
For more information about our Engineering team and what it is like working with them please visit our team page here.



Why Join Sensor Tower?
Our Background:
We were named one of the 50 Tech Companies to Know in 2020 and Best Midsize Companies to Work For 2021 by BuiltIn.
After seven years of building Sensor Tower off of $1MM (Seed, 2013), we're excited to announce our $45MM growth investment. Read more about it here, in the words of our co-founders.

We have a birds-eye view of the entire mobile app ecosystem, and we keep our teams constantly abreast of the latest mobile app trends, news, and best practices.

Our Values:
Sensor Tower's Core Values: Customer-Focused, Innovative, Continuously Learning, Action-Oriented, Respectful, Data & Metrics-Driven.

We grant options to all of our employees because we recognize that everybody plays an integral role in our success; thus all employees should be invested in Sensor Tower (both figuratively and literally).

Our Benefits:
We offer unlimited PTO, Health and Wellness stipends, flexible work hours, 401K, team trips (white water rafting, Hawaii, and weekend Tahoe mansion trips to name a few), and more.

Our Covid-19 Specific benefits include: Stipend to set up your home office and/or gym, WiFi stipend, daily UberEats delivery stipend, and virtual team events.
Sensor Tower is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know."
45	30+ days ago	ActioNet	Data Analyst - Senior	"ActioNet is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to build our health analytics team, with an Active Public Trust Clearance located remotely.
Why ActioNet?

It is simple. We are passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation.
Basic Qualifications:
At least ten (10) years of working experience in data analytics in a leadership role
Extensive experience in business process analysis, data architecture design, NLP and data visualization
Excellent communication skills in both verbal and written form
Ability to develop and present reports and presentation to AHRQ and other stakeholders in a clear, concise, and easy to understand manner
Level of understanding of SQL, server reporting services, Tableau, or any other data analysis and visualization tools
Leadership skills working on promoting data driven decision making that corresponds with client’s strategic goals.
Education & Experience:
minimum of ten (10) years of experiences working in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Technology, Statistics, Health informatics, or Patient safety
minimum education level of a master’s degree; however, a PhD is preferred.
What's in It For You?
As an ActioNeter, you get to be part of exceptional team and a corporate culture that nurtures mutual success for our customers, employees and our communities. We give you the tools to be successful; all you need to do is bring your best ideas, your energy and a desire to develop your skills, experience and career.

Are you ready to make a difference?
ActioNet is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
46	30+ days ago	Metrika Inc.	Senior Data Analyst (Blockchain Protocols)	"Metrika is a well-funded US-based startup building the world's premier operational intelligence platform for blockchain. Metrika works with a variety of organizations, such as blockchain vendors and associations, to help them and their community members analyze the performance, security, and reliability of their Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) networks.

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will work across multiple client engagements and conduct in-depth data analyses that reveal key insights about the operational health of DLT networks. You will build and maintain dashboards, reports, and alerts to provide visibility into network performance. You will identify trends and develop standardized solutions across clients that help us scale our impact in our engagements. Your work will be used by DLT network operators to improve the resilience of their networks and create transparency around network operations for community members, and internally your analyses will become proof-of-concepts as we develop new services.
If you are passionate about exploring, analyzing, and making large amounts of data easy to understand and would love to work with a geographically distributed team in an avant-garde field, join us!
What this position is all about
What you’ll do:

Explore and analyze blockchain data and develop an understanding of how blockchain networks work
Analyze large amounts of data to identify trends and define higher-level insights that convey the operational health, performance, security and resilience of DLT networks.
Identify data sources and define complex queries to answer ad-hoc client questions about their network.
Standardize analyses and solutions across client engagements, with an emphasis on automation and scalability.
Work with account owners to assess client needs and participate in client meetings when needed.
Please note: Our Engineering team is predominantly based in Europe. This position is currently open to those resident and currently able to work in the European Economic Area (EU, Norway, Liechtenstein), Switzerland, the UK as well the eastern United States/Canada (UTC-4/UTC-5 timezone)
Metrika Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion.
Qualifications

You will need:

A bachelor's degree in Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or related field. Masters or higher degrees preferred
Strong problem solving skills
Experience using Python to manipulate data and draw insights
Experience with relational databases and non-relational databases
Experience with data visualization software (e.g., Kibana, Grafana, Tableau)
The ability to communicate well with your team, both interactively and asynchronously, and that of being a positive, constructive team member

You'll be a great fit if you:

Are familiar with blockchain technology
Have experience in performing exploratory data analysis on heterogeneous data sets
Have experience with basic statistical analysis
Have experience in building, maintaining, improving dashboards that successfully convey business-critical KPIs
Can use Python to ingest data from third-party APIs and systems into a database for processing
Can use Python to clean up and prepare data for analysis"
47	8 days ago	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Sr Manager, Data Science	"PhD or equivalent Master's Degree plus 10+ years of experience in a quantitative field.
5+ years of people management experience
Strong analytical skills.
10+ years of experience of building predictive models for business and proficiency in model development and model validation.
Experience managing data pipelines for data ingestion
Experience working with software development teams and taking models to production
Experience managing business stakeholders across organizations
Strong communication skills

AWS Outcome Driven Engineering (ODE) is a new AWS engineering organization chartered to build new AWS products by applying Amazon’s innovation mechanisms along with AWS digital technologies to real world industry problems. We dive deep with industry leaders to solve problems and unblock industries, enabling them to capitalize on new digital business models. Simply put, our goal is to use the skill and scale of AWS to make the benefits of a connected world achievable for all businesses.

In this role, you will have an opportunity to both develop advanced scientific solutions and drive critical customer, partner, and business impacts. Your team will drive end-to-end solutions from understanding our business requirements, exploring a large amount of historical data, building prototypes and exploring conceptually new solutions, to working with partner teams for prod deployment. You will collaborate closely with engineering peers as well as business stakeholders. You will be at the heart of a growing and exciting focus area for AWS ODE Supply Chain solutions.

You are an individual with outstanding analytical abilities, excellent communication skills, and are comfortable working with cross-functional teams and systems. Your team will be responsible for researching, prototyping, experimenting, and analyzing predictive models and getting them to production.

Key responsibilities:

Hire excellent science talent, mentor them and lay a clear growth path for your team
Research and develop new methodologies for demand forecasting and price modeling.
Improve upon existing methodologies by adding new data sources and implementing model enhancements.
Drive scalable solutions.
Create and track accuracy and performance metrics (both technical and business metrics).
Create, enhance, and maintain technical documentation, and present to other scientists, engineers and business leaders.
Drive best practices on the team; mentor and guide junior members to achieve their career growth potential.

Work/Life BalanceOur team puts a high value on work-life balance. Prior to Covid restrictions, our team was co-
located in the office, but we were also flexible when people occasionally needed to
work from home. We generally keep core in-office hours from 10am to 4pm. About half
of us come in earlier and the other half of us stay later. Once Covid restrictions are lifted, we expect to follow Amazon policy on working from home.

Building a High-Performing & Inclusive Team Culture
You will be attracting & developing a world-class team that welcomes, celebrates, and leverages a diverse set of backgrounds and skillsets to deliver results. Driving results through others is your primary responsibility, and doing so in a way that builds on our inclusive culture is key to our long term success.

Mentorship & Career Growth
You will be attracting & developing a world-class team that welcomes, celebrates, and leverages a diverse set of backgrounds and skillsets to deliver results. Driving results through others is your primary responsibility, and doing so in a way that builds on our inclusive culture is key to our long term success.

We will consider candidate placement in: Seattle, San Francisco Bay Area, Denver, Chicago, Atlanta, the Boston Metro area, and other East Coast locations in North America.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Experience with time series modeling and machine learning forecasting.

Experience with supply chain methodologies"
48	6 days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Senior Manager Data Science - Eden Prairie, MN or US Telecommute	"UnitedHealthcare is a company that's on the rise. We're expanding in multiple directions, across borders and, most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about transforming the health care industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary responsibilities:
Inform and advise the Strategy Planning function with empirical analyses that drive our operations strategy with respect to key projects. Identify new programs (supported by evidence) that need to be undertaken and transformative initiatives that help reduce our cost structure for the long-term
Develops analytically sound functional, market level, and/or site strategy, plans, production and/or organizational priorities. Be the single point of contact for the stakeholders, to collect, develop & prioritize requirements, to answer questions and to address concerns
Synthesize complex/diverse information from a host of data sources – use intuition and experience to complement the data with a strong understanding of process. Maintain flexibility, divert analyses as needed and react appropriately
Builds, manages and owns entire Analytics Pipeline that includes Data Sourcing, Cleansing, Engineering, Modeling and Interpretation - Proposes innovative ways to analyze and solve problems by using data mining approaches on available information
Analyze, review, forecast, trend, and model big and complex data to identify and resolve technical, operational and organizational problems outside own team. Builds analytical models (supervised, unsupervised) that extract the necessary signal from the data which test a variety of hypotheses and draw meaningful interpretations against the business context.
Communicate complex analyses to Leaders across the organization effectively without getting bogged down in the details of the analysis. Clearly draw conclusion from analysis, create and communicate these analyses in effective Executive presentations
Assess viability of programs/business cases using appropriate analytical techniques and pressure-test the value stories across our business partners using rigorous statistical methodologies
Provide strategic guidance and prioritization to help identify goals and targets for our business functions. Establish those goals with appropriate evidence, rigor and measurability in mind
For several key projects, guide the requirements and their prioritization. Act as an advisor to investigate, identify hot-spots, technical assessments and analytically assess the impacts to our key operating metrics
Support Business Planning through the entire cycle by developing a deep awareness of the business priorities and apply the specialized knowledge to implement recommendations in collaboration with the business partners
Provide leadership to and be accountable for the performance of managers and/or senior level professional staff either as direct reports or in matrixed settings
Continue to adapt to changes based on emergence of new technologies, new competitors, artificial intelligence and alternative sources of data
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics related field or equivalent experience in Technology or Analytics
8+ years of data analysis experience – ability to work with huge volumes of data, disparate relational databases and schemas and design applications that efficiently scale to process hundreds of millions of observations
5+ years of experience as a programmer either in application languages like Java, C++, VB or Data Processing/ Statistical Computing platforms like Spark, SAS, R, Python
Demonstrated presentation and communication skills with ability to develop high level executive as well deep-dive technical presentations
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience leveraging the Hadoop ecosystem (e.g. Hive, Pig, Spark) as a Data Lake for offloading traditional ETL workloads
Ability to leverage SAS/Hadoop to solve advanced analytics use-cases
Project management or Process Optimization experience
Experience in the PBM/healthcare services or adjacent space
Interpersonal and relationship skills necessary to work with an integrated team of customers, product managers, project managers, developers, analysts, and quality engineers
Excellent Communication (oral & written) skills along with relationship-building and customer facing skills are needed with an ability to facilitate meetings with Business and IT stakeholders
Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 10 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that’s second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $94,500 to $171,700. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: Data Analysis, data analytics, programmer, Java, C++, VB, Data processing, statistical computing, Spark, SAS, R, Python, ETL, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Data Lake, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Work at Home, Work from Home, Remote"
49	30+ days ago	IBM	Data Scientist	"Introduction
As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities
As a Data Scientist with IBM you'll, under general direction, apply knowledge of mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. You'll also evaluate accuracy and quality of data sources, as well as the designed models. In addition, you'll evaluate new and existing data sources, processes, and architecture to develop recommendations. Remote work is available for this opportunity.#regionalcptesix
GBSHVL

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Eligibility for a DoD Secret clearance.
Requires a Masters degree with 10 years' experience or Bachelors degree with 12 years' experience.
7+ years of experience in data analytics, predictive analytics, mathematics, statistics, or similar field.
4+ years of experience developing predictive or statistical models such as regressions, decision trees, neural networks, simulations, and/or optimizations.
4+ years of experience using SPSS, SAS, R, Python, or similar.
3+ years years of demonstrated skill and experience in analyzing data using Excel or other methods.
3+ years of experience in data preparation, manipulation, and cleansing, in particular for large datasets.
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise

Demonstrated experience in understanding unclear customer requirements and how they translate into technical tasks.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, especially in conveying complex technical topics to non-technical personnel.
Experience managing teams of 5 or more data scientists, developers, etc.
Demonstrated experience working with business owners to translate business problems into technical solutions.
DoD experience/background.
Active DoD Secret clearance
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:


12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

US Citizenship Required.

Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
50	30+ days ago	kraken	Senior Data Analyst, People Analytics	"About Kraken
Kraken is changing the world. Join the revolution!
Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world’s largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we are growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent.
In our first decade Kraken has risen to become one of the best and most respected crypto exchanges in the world. We are changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. The crypto industry is experiencing unprecedented growth and Kraken is leading the charge. We’ve grown from 70 Krakenites in January 2017 to over 1800 today and we have no intention of slowing down.
About the role

This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and Europe

We are looking for Data Analysts who will play a key role in driving decision making in improving Krakenite experience at Kraken. You will transform large datasets from complex systems, generate actionable insights and share the results with stakeholders at all levels of the company. You will partner and lead projects with Krakenite Experience (KX), product management, engineering, client engagement, finance and other enterprise level teams.

You are a self-starter, results driven and passionate to drive success of products at Kraken using the power of data analytics.
As the Senior Data Analyst, you will add strategic value to Kraken by ensuring that we have actionable data at our fingertips in a clean, easy to understand manner. You will have top level support to go where the data takes you and build, from the ground up, a highly analytical approach to the Krakenite experience! If you are an experienced data detective who is passionate about creating world class data-driven people focused programs at a rapidly growing organization, apply today!
Responsibilities
Prepare reports and present the story of the data to stakeholders on all levels of the organization in an easily accessible manner
Transform unstructured information, such as Krakenite sentiment, text, video or voice inputs, into usable data sources
Source, sift and investigate people data from multiple sources, including HR information and applicant tracking system data, HR ticketing system, Krakenite surveys, time-tracking and learning management systems, benefits portals, exit interviews, competitor practices, compensation and succession planning, and other sources
Analyzes data and statistics for trends and patterns with attention to hiring practices, Krakenite engagement, turnover, and compliance with employment laws and regulations
Identifies and recommends reasonable short- and long-term goals, milestones, and benchmarks for key performance metrics
Based on metrics and analysis, make recommendations for activities to improve the organizational culture including suggestions to increase efficiency in hiring practices, to motivate and retain employees, to address staffing issues, and to maintain legal compliance in regards to mandatory employer reporting requirements
Ensures compliance with data privacy regulations and best practices
Build effective and user-friendly dashboards, and provide training to end users on how to navigate them
Assist KX leadership with staffing, recruiting, and departmental budgets as required
May guide and/or assist with performance, benefit, and compensation review and evaluation processes
Perform other duties as assigned
Requirements
7+ years of experience in data analytics with at least 5 years in HR data, workforce and talent acquisition analytics particularly maintaining, understanding, interpreting, and forecasting data
Knowledge of API and programming languages like Python, R
Advanced knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau, Superset)
Experience with Workday, Lever, and Jira (or similar) strongly preferred
Experience with applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Ability to understand and analyze datasets required for machine learning and AI algorithms
Experience processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Proficiency with program languages, tools, and applications for analysis and visualization of data
Familiarity with data warehouse development and best practices
The versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job
The ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
Nice to have
Familiarity with cryptocurrency ecosystem
BA/BS or MA/MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science or related technical field
We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives."
51	Today	UnitedHealth Group	Senior NLP Engineer - San Diego, CA orTelecommute	"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Sr NLP Engineer is a key technical contributor in the design and development of state-of-the-art NLP for medical applications. The Sr NLP Engineer works closely with other NLP developers, engineers and subject matter experts on current company technologies and forward-looking projects.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within United States as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Enhancement of existing company NLP technologies and extension of those systems in cloud-based applications
Work will involve all aspects of software design and development from system requirements definition to implementation, integration, and testing
Fair emphasis is placed on engineering support for CI/CD, version control, and performance at scale in a production environment
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate or advanced degree in a computational domain
2+ years of professional experience in an NLP / AI domain (significant academic development experience will be considered for sound applicants)
2+ years of experience with Python
1+ years of experience in C# or Java
Experience programming on Windows & Linux operating systems
Knowledge and experience with object - oriented design
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders
Preferred Qualifications:
Machine Learning
ASP .Net Core or SpringBoot
Flask or similar
Docker
Experience with CI/CD and dependency management solutions (Jenkins, Maven, NuGet, etc)
Experience with version control systems (Git, etc)
Nosql or sqlite databases
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job keywords: Senior NLP Engineer, NLP Engineer, NLP, AI, Python, C#, Java, Windows, Linux, Telecommute, Telecommuting, Telecommuter, Work From Home, Work At Home, Remote, WAH, San Diego, CA, California"
52	30+ days ago	PPL Corporation	Lead Data Architect/IoT Architect- Remote	"Corporate Summary
As one of the largest investor-owned companies in the U.S. utility sector, PPL Corporation delivers on its promises to customers, investors, employees and the communities we serve. Our utilities - Western Power Distribution, Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, and PPL Electric Utilities - provide an outstanding service experience for our customers, consistently ranking among the best in the United States and the United Kingdom. PPL has grown from a company with customers and facilities in one region of Pennsylvania to a diverse energy company with more than 10 million customers in the U.S. and the U.K. PPL provides energy for millions of customers while providing challenging and rewarding careers for thousands of employees around the U.S. and abroad.
Experience Level
Professional
Regular or Temporary
Regular
Full-time or Part-time
Full-Time
Position Summary
The Lead Data Architect is responsible for owning and providing the necessary strategic thought leadership, technical assurance, data integration, and data governance related to the development, evolution, and delivery of the enterprise information architecture domain as aligned to the business. The Lead level is recognized as an expert in own area within the organization and works independently, under minimal guidance from supervisor.
As a Lead Data Architect, you will develop and maintain the platform standards while working closely with multidisciplinary teams to validate solution design and work collaboratively to define/publish data product standards. This role requires deep understanding of Azure big data offerings, data architecture, data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniques and workflows. The ideal candidate should possess experience in both data engineering and cloud products. They are an agile learner, possess strong problem-solving skills, work as part of a technical, cross functional analytics team, and want to solve complex data problems and deliver the insights to enable analytics strategy.

The Lead level is recognized as an expert in own area within the organization and works independently, under minimal guidance from supervisor. Progression to Lead level is limited on the basis of business requirement.
Primary Responsibilities
Leads projects, analyzes and solves complex problems, and recommends solutions in the below areas:
1. Defines cloud data platform products and usage patterns across data solutions e.g. Data Science Sandbox, ETLs, APIs, integration etc.
2. Collaboratively develops platform product principles (e.g. ETL, Databricks, etc.) and validates solutions architecture for adherence to principle and standards
3. Evaluates and identifies specifications, best practices, integration and proper use of cloud services as they relate to overall data platform
4. Partners with business analysts and solutions architects to develop technical architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives
5. Develop and implement strategies to translate business requirements and models into feasible and acceptable data warehouse designs to ensure that business needs are met
6. Work with business teams to determine which source systems are the best sources of Master Data for the Master Data Management system.
7. Ensures quality of master data in key systems, as well as, development and documentation of processes with other functional data owners to support ongoing maintenance and data integrity
8. Establishes and ensures adherence to enterprise data governance framework for data policies, standards and practices to achieve the required level of consistency, quality and protection
9. Improves data integration by designing and evaluating new data interchange formats, improving physical design, and rewriting data policy, standards, and procedures
10. Integrates data shared across legacy and new environments, by developing and modifying functions, programs, routines, and stored procedures to export, transform, and load data.
11. Advises, consults, mentors, and coaches other data and analytic professionals on data platform standards and practices
12. Develops and delivers communication and education plans on data products (ETL, Azure Data Factory, Databricks, etc.) standards, and processes
13. Assists in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools and process for data solutions order to improve our productivity as a team
14. Assists in resolving integration issues, data quality problems collaborating with data analysts, subject matter experts (SMEs) and data stewards
15. Fosters a culture of sharing, re-use, design for scale stability, and operational efficiency of data platform
16. Reviews KPIs on the performance of the overall Data Platform e.g. data pipelines execution times, uptimes etc. and provides remediation guidance to teams
17. May be assigned an Electric Utilities emergency and storm role. This is a special assignment that comes into play during storms and other emergencies when the company needs to restore power or respond to other issues affecting customer service. This role may necessitate the need to work after-hours, outside of your normal schedule.
Candidate Qualifications
Candidates must meet the basic qualifications and pass all required tests or assessments to receive consideration.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility form upon hire.
Basic Qualifications
1. Bachelor's degree and 7 years of related work experience OR 10 years of related work experience.
2. Experience with designing data platforms for user consumption across several user personas (Data Engineers, API, Data Scientists, Data Analysts etc.).
3. Knowledge of data related government regulatory requirements and emerging trends and issues.
4. Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks.
5. Experience with data migration to cloud based environments.
6. Experience with developing solutions on cloud computing services and infrastructure in the data and analytics space.
7. Database development experience and experience with a variety of relational, NoSQL, and cloud database technologies.
8. Experienced knowledge of complex data structures and the ability enhance the data to be integrated across the enterprise.
9. Conceptual knowledge of data and analytics, such as dimensional modeling, ETL, reporting tools, data governance, data warehousing, structured and unstructured data.
10. Understands business goals and strategic priorities.
11. Ability to work at an abstract level and gain consensus .
12. Promotes respect and can work effectively with diverse groups and environment.
13. Intellectually curious and willing to adjust position based on additional information.
14. Exposure to machine learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics.
Additional Requirements
The company reserves the right to determine if this position will be assigned to work on-site, remotely, or a combination of both. Assigned work location may change. In the case of remote work, physical presence in the office/on-site may be required to engage in face-to-face interaction and coordination of work among direct reports and co-workers.
Preferred Qualifications
1. Bachelor’s Degree.
2. 8+ years of experience working in an architecture role.
3. 5+ years’ experience in providing data architecture solutions for Cloud applications.
4. Experience supporting fast-changing business organizations.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Our company is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity and the strength it brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, disability status, or any other protected characteristic.
Job Expires
12-Apr-2022"
53	6 days ago	SAIC	Sr. Artificial Intelligence Solutions Architect	"Job ID: 217944
Location: RESTON , VA , US
Date Posted: 2021-05-25
Category: Engineering and Sciences
Subcategory: Solutions Archt
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
Minimum Clearance Required: None
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: None
Potential for Remote Work: Yes
Description
SAIC has an opening for an AI Solutions Architect. Position can be worked 100% remote from anywhere within the U.S.
The Artificial Intelligence and Data Solutions Architect serves as the technical lead for executing the relevant activities within the solutioning process in support of Business Development, Capture and Proposal teams.
Responsible for identifying, tailoring and integrating technical capabilities and innovations to address customer needs, hot buttons, pain points and requirements to help shape acquisitions, competitively position SAIC and contribute to winning proposals. Leveraging domain expertise, the Solutions Architect develops comprehensive understanding of customer requirements and leads the development of a complete and highest rated technical solution and price competitive proposal.
Solutions Architect identifies technical resource needs to support Pre-B&P and B&P activities; coordinates with team member technical leadership and technical contributors on solution development, proposal writing, and estimating; and leads and contributes to proposal as author and reviewer. Solution Architect supports capture with customer meetings by presenting SAIC's capabilities, services and solutions.; participates in development of solutions to problems of unusually complex which require a high degree of ingenuity and innovation; and collaborates with Horizontal Business units to craft unique solutions to respond to customer challenges that may also serve precedent for future opportunities and decisions.
Qualifications
TYPICAL EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
Bachelors and 12 or more experience; additional experience in lieu of a degree will be considered

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS AND ABILITY:
Demonstrated expertise providing innovative solutions in Artificial Intelligence, Robotics Processing Automation, Analytics, and Data Management/Science.
Expert level written and verbal communication skills
Previous experience supporting Civilian/Federal Agencies, DoD or the Intelligence community
Extensive proposal experience leading or supporting technical solution development on numerous $100M opportunities
Understanding of technology methodologies, best practices, delivery models or frameworks relevant to individuals domain area expertise
Demonstrated leadership capability to organize and lead team

POSITION LOCATION:
Telework with ability to travel to Reston, VA or other locations as needed in support of customer engagements, solution development and proposal efforts.

Target salary range: $165,001 - $175,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."
54	6 days ago	University of Utah	Business Data Analyst Sr	"Institutional Analysis is the driving force for analytics at the University of Utah. Our team is comprised of data gurus, passionate about our mission. We provide official data reporting for the University and we contextualize decisions with a lot of data.

We are looking for a senior business data analyst to join our team responsible for compiling institutional data from a variety of sources to complete federal reporting, state reporting, and external surveys, as well as related internal requests. The senior analyst provides expertise and interpretation of institutional data, definitions, and various reporting guidelines and should have excellent attention to detail and strong project management skills.

This brief description is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

WORKPLACE
Like many areas at the University of Utah, Institutional Analysis is currently piloting a remote-work environment. As such, it is intended that this position will be one that is primarily remote with occasional and infrequent in-person meetings on campus. Ideally, some initial training and onboarding may be in-person. We expect to continue our remote-work arrangements after the pilot period. Such arrangements are subject to change and will be reviewed bi-annually. More details can be discussed in an interview.

This position is considered Category IIA: Not required on campus and has the ability to telework remotely for the duration of the University of Utah’s response to COVID-19. An employee hired into this role will be responsible for providing space, telephone, printing, networking and/or internet capabilities at the telecommute location and agree to the terms of the University of Utah campus and Health Academics COVID-19 Telecommuting Agreement.
Responsibilities
Here’s how you will contribute to our team:
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining and presentation of dataCollaborate with a wide variety of offices and departments around campus to meet analysis and reporting needsExtract, analyze, and compile figures from a variety of data sourcesContribute to federal (IPEDS) and state (USHE) reporting processes, ensuring compliance with definitions and reporting guidelinesCreate reports to share data with AAU institutions and utilize the data available through the AAU Data Exchange to offer benchmarking insights to UU leadershipReview data provided for external surveys (e.g. US News, Princeton Review)Coordinate with other University offices and departments to gather appropriate informationCreate and update process documentation related to areas of responsibilityProvide analytical support for other related requests and projects
This job description is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.
Minimum Qualifications
Requires a bachelor’s degree in area of specialty or equivalency (2 years related work experience may be substituted for 1 year of education). Four to six years of experience in the field or in a related area required.

Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.
Preferences
Experience and knowledge of Institutional Research reporting in a higher education settingExperience with analyzing data and writing reportsDemonstrated statistical and quantitative analysis experience
Proficiency with SQL and Tableau
Type Benefited Staff Special Instructions Summary"
55	30+ days ago	Twitter	Machine Learning Engineer (Senior, Staff, Sr. Staff) - Ads - Revenue Science	"Company Description
At Twitter, we serve billions of ad impressions and generate millions of dollars in revenue per day. For every ad shown on Twitter, our machine learning systems evaluate, in real-time, millions of ad candidates behind the scenes to find the best one. We are looking for talented individuals to further develop this state-of-the-art system, working as part of the machine learning engineering and data science team. We create aha! moments for our users & advertisers and add huge value to Twitter’s business & revenue.

Job Description
You will be involved in the full array of modern applied machine learning work, including ideation, experimentation, implementation, and maintenance. This includes work across our ads stack on predictive modeling, improving the way the system explores new traffic, mitigating effects of selection bias, effective budget pacing, efficient AB testing, accurate candidate ranking, visualizations, and more. We’re looking for a key individual contributor to drive our advertising products forward.
Your team will empower you with the autonomy to make good product decisions and discover/understand the software and product stack. You’ll own significant projects end-to-end. The small teams of talented, passionate people in which you’ll work will include engineers and data scientists from across the revenue engineering organization.
This position is available in: San Francisco, CA, Remote US, Los Angeles, CA; Sunnyvale, CA; Boulder, CO; Washington, D.C.; Chicago, IL; Cambridge, MA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA

Qualifications
Who You Are:
A machine learning software engineer with a passion for working on exciting algorithmic and deep infrastructure issues in ML environments.
Stay abreast of and leverage recent advances in machine learning.
Deep understanding of foundational math associated with machine learning such as linear algebra, numerical optimization, probabilistic models, and statistics.
Minimum Qualifications:
4+ years of industry experience doing Applied Machine Learning
Fluent in one or more object oriented languages like Python, Scala, C++, Java
Knowledgeable about core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms
Passionate about working with large unique data sets
Comfortable conducting design and code reviews
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related quantitative field
Industry experience with online advertising and/or large-scale distributed systems
Additional Information
We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.
San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records"
56	30+ days ago	Headspace	Principal Product Manager, Machine Learning & Data	"About the Principal Product Manager, Machine Learning and Data at Headspace:
Headspace exists to improve the health and happiness of the world, and we’re accelerating our capabilities to deliver on that mission. To do so, we’re looking to hire a Principal Product Manager who will identify long-term strategies and build scalable, efficient, and privacy-focused data and machine learning products and platforms.
Reporting to the Sr. Director of Product, this individual will be in the driver’s seat of defining our Machine Learning and Data product vision so that we can enable the entire company to bring personalized mental health and wellness to all of our members. This person will partner closely with engineering, product and other cross-functional teams to identify opportunities, create roadmaps, define milestones and success metrics, and drive execution to deliver meaningful impact.
Location: This role is open to remote employees in select US states: California, New York, Florida, Georgia, Texas, Maryland + Washington DC, North Carolina and Washington.
How your skills and passion will come to life at Headspace:
Pioneer the ML infrastructure at Headspace to enable a 1-1 experience with each member to lower their stress, increase their resilience and improve their happiness
Be a key thought partner and lead our innovation on ML models that improve health outcomes for tens of millions of members
Lead two of our development teams (Machine Learning and Data Platform) by setting the product vision, identifying team roadmaps, and driving execution to deliver measurable results
Identify opportunities with our feature and growth teams to bring personalization to life across all of our consumer experiences
Help turbocharge a rigorous data culture using quantitative and qualitative measures that tie to company objectives
Oversee multiple projects and align them with business priorities
What you’ve accomplished:
7+ years of experience in Technical Product Management with a focus on building infrastructure to train and deploy ML models at-scale
Experience delivering technology products from inception to delivery
Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope
Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership
Excellent written, communication, analytical skills, and attention to detail, with an ability to effectively present to executive staff and key stakeholders
Previous experience in working with and coordinating large-scale projects across teams
Strong passion for creating engaging and high-quality experiences
Ability to deconstruct industry and competitor trends to inform roadmaps
B.S. in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience
How we feel about Diversity & Inclusion:
Headspace is committed to bringing together humans from different backgrounds and perspectives, providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We strive to create a diverse & inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do impactful work together. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination against a job applicant on the basis of their race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, family or parental status, disability*, age, veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our workplace.
Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on Headspace. Please inform our Talent team if you need any assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process.
How to get started:
If you’re excited by the idea of seeing yourself in this role at Headspace, please apply with your CV and a cover letter that best expresses your interest and unique qualifications."
57	8 days ago	Sinclair Broadcast Group	Data Science Director	"Sinclair Broadcast Group is hiring for a Data Scientist Director to join our team based in Hunt Valley, MD, however, remote work will also be considered. We are looking for a Director who is an innovative and practical problem solver. You are a thought leader who gets directly involved across related disciplines including: Data Science, User Experience Research, Data Visualization, Business Analysis, and Software Development.
Responsibilities:
Operations, Collaboration & Partnerships
Work with data across the complete analytical life cycle to build hypothetical models containing key assumptions, create mock-ups, prototype approaches, and implement production solutions.
Capable of querying and analyzing data using a holistic perspective
Analyze and consider patterns in data in order to find opportunities working alongside our Product Development, Process Management, or Engineering teams.
Specialize in one or more areas of advanced research and continually stay informed on new research relevant to our business.
Effectively articulate the benefits of a proposed solution to internal and external stakeholders.
You will be a steward of knowledge. You maintain detailed research notes. You document your solution approaches for others to re-create. The format of documentation could include internal wiki articles, product design specifications, cast studies, industry whitepapers, patent documents, publications, etc.
Lead projects with low to moderate complexity. Responsible for smaller components of projects of high complexity
Performance Improvement
Track operations and constantly look for ways to make things work better, faster, and smoother
Partner with the Head of the Data Practice (Sr. Director of Enterprise Data) to identify opportunities for improvement and work with senior level stakeholders to facilitate change or enhancement
People Management & Development
Thrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, and demonstrate strong judgment in the face of ambiguity
Possess a strong ability to manage a small team of Data Scientists, while managing an individual workload
Provide mentorship to a small and passionate team of data scientists
Qualifications
You are familiar with a variety of technologies including:
Object oriented programming languages such as Python, Scala, Java, C++, JavaScript, etc.
Scripting languages such as R, SAS, Spark
Relational languages such as SQL, RDF, SPARQL
Data formats including XML, JSON, CSV, Graphs, etc.
You are familiar with a variety of approaches including:
Statistical analysis for the design of experiments
Analysis of variance and correlational designs.
Machine learning for supervised learning.
Timeseries forecasting.
Mathematical optimization for systems of equations.
Simulation using sampling techniques.
Exceptional communication, presentation, and a project management skills
Experience mining large data sets using sophisticated analytical techniques to generate insights and inform business decisions
Identified and tested hypotheses, ensuring statistical significance through experimental design and builds predictive models for business application.
Experience translating quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences and provides clear view into interpreting the data
You have either:
a minimum of 10 years of industry and management experience in a related role and an advanced degree (MS/PhD) in a related field
a minimum of 15 years of industry and management experience in a related role and an undergraduate degree in a related field
Optionally yet preferred candidates have familiarity with marketing, advertising, and/or broadcast industries
Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free Workplace!
About Us
Make your mark in Media with Sinclair Broadcast Group, a diversified media company dedicated to connecting people with content everywhere! We have consistently led the broadcast industry since our inception, and now Sinclair owns the largest regional sports network business and one of the largest television broadcast portfolios in the country. In addition, we have affiliations with all of the major broadcast networks, own Tennis Channel, and several multicast networks including TBD and Comet. Our content is distributed over-the-air, on multi-video providers, and through our industry-leading digital media platforms. We also recently launched a free TV streaming service called STIRR. Our success is the direct result of our extraordinary employees and management team who believe in our vision and are dedicated to ensuring a great future for our employees. We are advancing the world of Media and want YOU to join our winning team!
About the Team
The life-blood of our organization is our people. We have a compelling story, a goal-oriented culture, and we take really good care of people. How good? Here is a glimpse: great benefits, open door policy, upward mobility and a strong desire to see you succeed. Ready to be part of a winning team? Let's talk."
58	30+ days ago	International Dairy Queen, Inc.	Senior Data Analyst, Analytics- Remote Eligible	"Since 1940, Dairy Queen® has been one of the world’s best known and loved brands. Based in Minneapolis, MN, International Dairy Queen Inc., (IDQ), is the parent company of American Dairy Queen Corporation. As a leading franchisor, there are more than 7,000 independently owned and operated restaurants in the U.S., Canada and 21 countries around the world. IDQ is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) which is led by Warren Buffett, the legendary investor and CEO of Berkshire.

Here at IDQ, we create extraordinary Fan experiences every day and we do this through our commitment to hiring and retaining only the best in class talent. We firmly believe that our employees are the catalyst to the success of the company where their initiative, strategic thinking, and entrepreneurial spirit are recognized and rewarded. We're looking for motivated, passionate and dedicated individuals with an inherent need and ambition to go after bigger challenges.


We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Analyst, Analytics supporting our corporate headquarters in Bloomington, MN. This Senior Data Analyst, Analytics provides complex data modeling, forecasting and analysis for various business partners across the organization. This role will include work on descriptive analytics but will also be a significant contributor in moving the advanced analytics group from descriptive to prescriptive analytics. They will focus on creating and developing new methodologies, analytical models and output geared at driving system performance. They will also provide critical analysis that supports the business in making data driven decisions. This person needs to be able to perform against strict deadlines, under pressure and be able to clearly communicate the data driven results to business partners as needed.


Principle Accountabilities

Support enterprise by building, utilizing and maintaining analytics models to improve business performance and further the advanced analytics reach within the organization.
Work with business leaders to proactively identify areas of opportunity to provide data driven analysis in response to business needs.
Provide updates on projects/analysis to business partners or committees as needed. With focus on translating the output into relevant business content.
Fluently utilize Business Intelligence and analytics software such as Power BI, Alteryx, SQL and Databricks for analytics across the organization.

Required Skills

Proficient in Microsoft Office, including Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Proficient with Power BI, Alteryx, Databricks or other Business Intelligence tools
Proficient in SQL, Python, R or other analytics programming languages
Ability to anticipate how decisions can affect our customers, our franchisees, and our employees
Demonstration of innovation and initiative – always looking at improving products and processes while also displaying a willingness to dive into the details and help wherever necessary
Exceptional analytical skills – creative thinker who can quickly develop innovative ideas across a wide variety of business units
Keen attention to detail in planning, organization and execution of tasks, while still seeing the big picture and understanding how all the pieces fit together and affect one another
Relationship building skills with the ability to create mutually beneficial relationships and provide excellent customer service to both internal and external customers
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present information and articulate analytical results to a variety of internal and external customers

Required Experience


B.A. or B.S. Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics or related field
Must have a minimum of 3-5 years of relevant business forecast modeling and analysis experience
Experience building analytic models and deploying to production, such as demand forecasting models or market attribution models
Experience with Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning, preferred
Understanding of basic database structure, data mining skills and the ability to extrapolate, interpret and organize data to aid in forming fact-based conclusions


Benefit package includes medical, dental and vision insurance coverage, employer paid basic life insurance, short and long-term disability, paid sick and vacation, 401(k) match, tuition reimbursement, wellness challenges and more!


IDQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. IDQ participates in the US E-Verify program.


To view our applicant privacy policies, please click the following links:

Privacy Policy

California Consumer Privacy Act Notice"
59	30+ days ago	Zippin	Senior ML Engineer	"Zippin is looking for a Senior ML Engineer for our Product & Engineering team.
We are seeking a passionate Machine Learning (ML) Engineer, with strong backgrounds in developing and deploying state-of-the-art models in the computer vision space on cloud as well as edge devices. You will participate in the complete cycle of building machine learning models from conceptualization of idea, data preparation, feature selection, training, evaluation and productionisation.
On a typical day, you might build data pipelines or develop a new machine learning algorithm or train a new model or deploy the trained model on the cloud. You will have a high degree of autonomy, ownership and influence over your work, machine learning organizations evolution and the direction of the company.
This position can be remote in the US or Toronto, Canada.
#LI-Remote
Responsibilities & Duties
Implementing, training, and optimizing models developed by our ML Science team
Developing high-performance, scalable, and maintainable inference services that communicate with the rest of our tech stack
Working with Infra teams to build data collection pipelines, manage data QA, and develop code for data visualization and data cleansing to build robust datasets
Turning unfamiliar research code into bulletproof, production-ready software
Working with edge hardware to test and tune the latency and performance of our services
Building pipelines for continuous model improvement
Qualifications & Skills
Experience with computer vision; experience developing and deploying deep learning algorithms; you’ve previously deployed machine learning models on scalable systems
Strong grasp of statistical machine learning, linear algebra, and deep learning for computer vision
Excellent C++11/14/17 and Python skills; familiarity with TensorFlow
Ability to rapidly learn and work with unfamiliar code
Understanding of CI/CD patterns and best practices
Ability to write well-tested code
Highly flexible and capable of working across the stack
Great communication skills
Selling Points
You love the idea of joining a fast growing series-A startup.
You are proactive about solving problems and take initiative to build tools that will help everyone in the company.
You love to thoughtfully help a team member or a customer in need.
There's never been a more exciting time in retail. Frictionless experiences are being demanded by shoppers who are tired of waiting in line and want to zip in and out of their favorite stores.
Zippin provides autonomous checkout for leading brick & mortar retailers. Shoppers just walk into stores, pick up the items they want, and then leave. We use machine learning, computer vision, and sensor fusion to automatically charge shoppers when they walk out—no more checkout lines.
Zippin is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with additional offices in San Carlos - CA, Toronto - Canada, and India. Industry veterans from Amazon, SRI, and VMware founded the company and raised over $15M in venture funding from Evolv, NTT Docomo, SAP, and Maven Ventures.
Zippin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We're committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we're excited to learn what you can add to our team."
60	30+ days ago	Auth0	Senior Machine Learning Engineer	"Awesome tech is made by awesome people. And we’re always looking for new team members who bring the energy, passion, commitment, and collaboration that has made Auth0 the great company it is today.
So what do we exactly build? Auth0 is an authentication and authorization platform designed by developers, for developers. Basically, we make companies’ login boxes safe, secure, and seamless for anyone logging in. Our mission is to secure the world’s identities so innovators can innovate. But it’s a big mission that requires a lot of teamwork.
Words, code, or people, whatever your skill, there’s a place for you here.
The Machine Learning Engineer will help build, scale and maintain the development and production platforms for the Data Science team. The ideal candidate will have a deep technical background and hands-on experience in building and deploying Machine Learning models, as well as promoting a data-driven culture across the organization. They would not hesitate to wrangle data, if necessary, and are acutely familiar with what makes an effective and efficient data science team.
An ideal candidate will show passion generally for the field of applied machine learning, and critically, for helping a team of technical data scientists scale its productivity. Additionally, the candidate will have interest in learning about and potentially contributing toward cutting edge open source Data Science and Machine Learning technologies.
Responsibilities:
Help the Data Science team scale by building out a platform for training, deploying, and monitoring machine learning models in production.
Build pipelines to ingest data from myriad sources into a centralized data lake for use by Data Scientists.
Contribute directly to the design and development of automated selection systems.
Collaborate with production engineering teams to ensure that machine learning models integrate successfully into production environments while adhering to performance and availability SLOs.
Build customer-facing reporting tools to provide insights and metrics which track system and model performance.
Communicate verbally and in writing to business customers and leadership team with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our systems, as well as sharing insights and recommendations.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science, or a related quantitative field.
Experience with full AI/ML life-cycle from model development, training, testing, deployment, monitoring, and refining and iterating.
Proficient with data analysis and modeling software such as Spark, R, Python etc.
Proficient with scripting languages such as Python and data manipulation/analysis libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas for analyzing and modeling data.
Familiar with multiple machine learning algorithmic methodologies, including decision trees, logistic regression, Bayesian analysis, and others.
Knowledge of AWS Redshift, Snowflake or similar databases.
Experienced in handling large data sets using SQL and databases in a business environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Exceptional troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment.
Are currently located in Argentina or Canada.
Preferred Qualifications:
Fluency in a scripting or computing language (e.g. Python, Scala, C++, Java, etc.).
Superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to advocate technical solutions effectively to scientists, engineering teams and business audiences.
Ability to deal well with ambiguity, ability to self-motivate, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our and our customer’s organizations.
Preferred Locations:
#AR; #CA;
Auth0 makes the internet safer by safeguarding billions of login transactions each month.
Our team is spread across more than 35 countries and we are proud to continually be recognized as a great place to work. Culture is critical to us, and we are transparent about our vision and principles. We practice N+1>N which applies to everything from our people to how we iterate our tech; we believe in one team, one score; and we give a shit about everything we do.
Research shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds often don’t apply unless they meet all the job criteria. We aren’t looking for someone who ticks every single box on a page; we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. If you think you’d be a great fit, then please get in touch to tell us about yourself.
Auth0, recently acquired by Okta, is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States."
61	8 days ago	New Relic	Marketing Senior Data Analyst/Scientist - Remote	"Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
We are excited to consider a remote analyst for this role! Remote team members will be expected to work out of their home office.
Your Opportunity
New Relic is the industry’s largest and most comprehensive SaaS-based observability platform built to create more perfect software. We are passionate about providing solutions and tools that help development and operations teams monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize the performance of their applications and infrastructure. And, we have a ton of fun doing amazing work!
We are searching for a Senior Data Analyst/Scientist who will support the Marketing organization and report to our Director of Marketing Analytics. In this role, you will be responsible for evaluating the impact of our demand generation and integrated campaigns, measuring end-to-end marketing funnel performance, producing dashboards to report on our important metrics, and performing data analyses to optimize marketing performance for business operation, planning and budgeting purposes.
We are building out a world-class marketing analytics team. This role will play an important role in spearheading and shaping how analytics will be used to grow and optimize our customer acquisition and monetization. You will work closely with our Marketing partners to connect tactics to results and recommend future activities. In addition, you will partner with the Product and Sales analytics teams to build and perform analyses that help drive future revenue.
As a growing technical SaaS company, we have complex and oftentimes unstructured problems. We are looking for someone who has strong technical skills and thinks creatively to find solutions. We are looking for a candidate who thrives on discovering how behavior can predict measurable actions and is passionate about how the latest trends in Marketing and technology can be used to build a next generation analytics function.
What You’ll Do
Use multi-sourced data and marketing principles to create marketing dashboards, descriptive and predictive analyses, and data systems to optimize our marketing programs and objectives
Define and implement end-to-end programs for metrics creation, data collection, database development, reporting, and data modeling
Perform advanced analyses to understand and explain trends and drivers of key marketing metrics
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Product, Marketing, and Sales to define problem statements, access and manipulate data, build analytical models, explain data-gathering requirements, deliver analytics insights, and make recommendations
Define, compute, track, and continuously validate business metrics with descriptive and predictive analysis
Identify and implement structured processes for data reporting and communication, and use analytical models to identify insights to drive key decisions across leadership and the organization
Provide mentorship to other members of the team and the marketing organization on the best methodologies for design, implementation, and testing of analytics insights
Use tools like R, Tableau, Python, and SQL to drive efficient analytics
Your Qualifications
Must-have:
Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science) or equivalent
3+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, building statistical models, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results for different marketing partners
3+ years of experience with developing data visualizations with tools such as Tableau and with Analytics/Data Science tools such as R, Python, and SQL
1+ years of experience in marketing analytics/data science
Experience using data driven models to drive business decisions
Experience using data access tools and building visualizations using large datasets and multiple data sources
Knowledge of statistics and data science (e.g. statistics basics, statistical modeling, experimental design, hypothesis testing, etc.)
Experience working with cross-functional teams and presenting data insights to all organizational levels
Be a self-starter, flexible, and motivated by a knowledge for developing the best possible solutions to problems
Nice-to-have:
Advanced degree in the above analytical fields
Familiarity with additional tools we use: ABM tools, Periscope, Snowflake, Data Bricks
Experience in a high-growth digital B2B and B2C marketing environment
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
We're looking for bold and passionate people to be a part of our mission to create more perfect software. We'd love to have you apply, even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement. What's most important to us is finding authentic and accountable people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.
About Us
New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud-based observability platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud-based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place.
Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award-winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.
Our Hiring Process
New Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification.
We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.
New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy"
62	29 days ago	Abbvie	Director, Safety Statistics (Home-Based)	"About AbbVie
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Purpose:
The Director, Safety Statistics provides provides scientific and strategic input and safety statistics leadership for assigned clinical development projects. A visible and collaborative role, the Director works in partnership with patient safety, clinical, and regulatory experts to advance medicines to our patients.
Responsibilities:
Lead the PST statistical support for one or more clinical development projects through own efforts or those of a team. Lead/develop safety statistical strategy for project development and regulatory submission.
Direct or provide safety statistical leadership in the safety analysis and reporting for clinical data and ensure appropriate interpretation of safety deliverables in collaboration with other functions.
Provide strategic input to and oversight of the development of Product Safety Statistical Analysis Plans (PSSAPs) and Integrated Summary of Safety Statistical Analysis Plans (ISS SAPs) and development of safety data integration specifications in accordance with analysis plan.
Provide strategic input on safety related submissions to regulatory agencies and responses to requests from regulatory agencies.
Oversight of the development, delivery and interpretation of safety outputs, including graphics. Oversight of cross-functional development of output specifications to address both pre-planned safety analyses and ad hoc requests. Oversight to ensure the delivery of high-quality outputs according to agreed-upon timelines
Represent function/department on project team(s) to provide statistical input to compound/drug development and drive alignment with functional management. Partner with other functions (Clinical, Regulatory, Patient Safety, or GMA) to create development strategies for assigned projects. Build interdepartmental relationships.
Provide oversight of cross-functional development of output specifications to address pre-planned safety analyses and ad hoc requests. Provide sufficient detail to allow programming implementation and ensure all statistical analyses specified in analysis plans are conducted appropriately.
Guide development and implementation of project-specific database-related activities in collaboration with Data Sciences, Statistical Programming and other stakeholders.
Train and mentor staff on safety statistical methodology and operations. May supervise contract statisticians or junior statisticians. Gain expertise in innovative safety statistical methods. Assist functional leaders in recruiting qualified personnel and arranging training opportunities for professional development of staff.
Develop safety strategy for data presentation and inference. Collaborate in publication of scientific research. Ensure accuracy and internal consistency of reports and publications, including tables, listings, and figures.
Ensure that all applicable regulatory requirements for work processes are met, review regulatory submission documents, and represent DSS in discussions with regulatory agencies.
Lead and provide oversight of contributions by Safety Statistics to benefit-risk planning and assessment, including ensuring delivery and interpretation of benefit-risk data displays/analyses.
Lead within-SSG initiatives and represent SSG on cross-functional efforts to implement strategic initiatives that address processes related to monitoring, assessing, interpreting, and reporting safety data.
Identify potential areas to improve processes or statistical methodologies, initiate steps to evaluate possible improvements and develop a plan to implement changes based on this evaluation.
Stay current with industry trends and practices related to safety and potentially represent SSG/DSS on external initiatives to advance the safety discipline and build external scientific connections which foster professional development and promote the reputation of the Safety Statistics department.

Qualifications
Please note, this position can be based at our AbbVie location or home-based with travel on site as needed. We prefer an on site candidate.
MS (with 12+ years of experience) or PhD (with 8+ years of experience) in Statistics, Biostatistics, or a highly related field.
High degree of technical competence and excellent communication skills, both oral and written
Able to identify data or analytical issues, and assist with providing solutions by either applying own skills and knowledge or seeking help from others
Able to build strong relationship with peers and cross-functional partners to achieve higher performance. Highly motivated to drive innovation by raising the bar and challenging the status quo
Have strong leadership skills and experience in working/managing cross-cultural or oversea teams
Pharmaceutical or related industry knowledge required, including experience and understanding of drug development and life-cycle management in the regulated environment.
Demonstrate extensive understanding of statistical concepts and methodology for analysis of safety data.

Significant Work Activities
N/A
Travel
Yes, 20 % of the Time
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
D
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic."
63	30+ days ago	Navitas Life Sciences	Senior Statistician	"Job Description
The Senior Statistician MS performs high-level client statistical consulting and/or leads teams within Navitas Data Sciences and at clients. The Senior Statistician primary focus is to lead and perform the statistical planning and statistical analysis of clinical studies.
About the Role
Perform Statistical Analysis in support of Phase I-V clinical trials, ISS, ISE, Registries, Publications or other related regulatory submissions
Design data acquisition trials, assessing results and analyzing trends
Developing and reviewing Study Protocols and Statistical Analysis Plan
Develop Integrated Safety Summary (ISS) and Integrated Efficacy Summary (ISE) Plans
Orchestrate the analysis specifications through data analysis
Implement Table, Listing and Figure specifications
Develop and implement the Analysis Data Set Specifications
Applying statistical methodology to complex data
Write the Statistical Section for a Clinical Study Report, ISS and ISE
Use statistics to make forecasts and to provide projected figures
Present information in a variety of formats
Represent the client at regulatory agency meeting such as the FDA
Interface with client senior management
Develop, publish and present white papers and presentations at industry conferences
Lead one or more studies at a client
Desirable Skills and Experience
Excellent management, interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills
Ability and desire to interface with senior management and executives in client engagements and industry associations
Ability to assess, analyze, develop and present statistics-based information to clients
Recognized industry authority by clients and industry peers
5 plus years Pharmaceutical or CRO industry experience
Working knowledge of CDISC, SDTM and ADaM
Minimum 2 years’ technical project management experience directing statisticians and statistical programmers
Experience in developing, writing, publishing and presenting industry papers at conferences.

US - Remote
Masters in Statistics
Senior Statistician – Master Level
Data Sciences
Full Time
03 Dec 2020"
64	30+ days ago	Reify Health	Senior Machine Learning Engineer	"About Us
Reify Health accelerates the development of new and life-saving therapies by creatively connecting and empowering the clinical trial ecosystem. We are helping thousands of research sites across 6 continents and 7 of the top-10 global biopharma sponsors, including Amgen, AstraZeneca, and Eli Lilly & Company. Our team is made up of a diverse group of researchers, entrepreneurs, technologists, data experts, and healthcare-obsessed professionals working to eliminate some of the biggest challenges in clinical research. We care about the people who care for people...and we have fun while doing it.
Our unique, rapidly growing data streams are enabling unique opportunities to manage clinical trials more efficiently and predictably. The Data Products group is looking for talented data engineers to develop intelligence engines to realize the full promise of these opportunities for clinical professionals. If you're empathetic, product-driven, and want to put your unique analytical engineering skills to work to help the clinical research community then this may be the role for you.
As a fast-growing startup, we're looking for people who can effectively balance rapid execution and delivery with tactical R&D to serve the business most effectively. You have strong opinions, weakly held, and while well-versed technically know when to choose the right tool, for the right job, at the right level of complexity. You will work closely with our Data Engineering and Data Analytics groups, benefitting from their architecture, research, and expertise, and collaborate with our Design, Product, and Software Engineering teams to integrate your work into new and existing products.
What You'll Be Working On
Perform practical R&D and prototype new data capabilities that make existing features more intelligent or enable new classes of intelligent product features.
Develop, expand, and steward information extraction and structured knowledge management systems to fully understand the semantic meaning and relationships within our data.
Work with our Data Science & Analytics team to help successfully encapsulate statistical and machine learning models into services or modules our software engineering teams can easily integrate.
Learn to effectively understand and deftly navigate the global compliance ecosystem (HIPAA, GDPR, etc.) to ensure your work respects the rights, regulations, and consent preferences of all stakeholders.
Develop a deep understanding of the clinical ecosystem, our products, and our business and how they all uniquely interact to help people.
What You Bring To Reify Health
4+ years of experience successfully developing and deploying data products driven by machine learning, ideally in a space similar to ours (startup, healthcare, regulated data).
Practical experience with one or more of the following: NLP, question answering systems, semantic search, recommender systems, probabilistic logic/inference, management and integration of clinical taxonomies and ontologies (e.g. UMLS, SNOMED-CT).
Excellent programming skills in Clojure or Python and deep comfort with SQL.
Comfort with cloud-based environments, particularly the AWS ecosystem.
Solid analytical software testing, documentation, and debugging practices.
Great communication skills and can work comfortably with technical and non-technical stakeholders to develop requirements.
Advanced degree in computer science, machine learning, a similar field or commensurate relevant experience.
You may:
Develop techniques to allow sites to better discover patients eligible for new and existing trials.
Build systems which make recommendations to pharma sponsors on how to increase the success of their trials.
Extract relevant information from unstructured data generated by clinical sites and integrate it into a product-oriented taxonomy.
Pair on prototypes with our Data Science & Analytics team in a collaborative development environment (Nextjournal)
Compensation & Benefits
Competitive Salary and Stock Options Salary and stock options commensurate to your experience and expertise
Remote First We have team members from around the United States and beyond and have a healthy and balanced remote work culture
Flexible Hours Plan your workday as you wish, just give us the majority of your core, creative hours that coincide with that of your team
Comprehensive Health/Wellness Coverage 100% premium coverage for you (and >50% for your dependents) for: Top-tier health plan (with option of HSA), Dental, Vision, Disability (short-term and long-term), Life insurance (for your entire tenure at Reify), 24/7 access to doctor by phone or online via telemedicine coverage
Retirement Plan 401(k) plan with employer matching program
Company-provided Workstation You will be issued a brand new MacBook Pro laptop
Location Convenience & Transportation For employees who are local to Boston, and want to visit the office, we are located two blocks from Downtown Crossing. Free monthly T pass. Full suite of office accommodations provided by WeWork: unlimited coffee, infused water, and more
Vacation and Holiday Flexibility Generous paid time-off policy that accrues with your tenure at Reify, which includes holiday flexibility and parental leave
We value diversity and believe the unique contributions each of us brings drives our success. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Additional Notes:
For US-based candidates: We are only able to hire full-time employees with permanent residency or citizenship amenable to Eastern Standard Time working hours. We are not able to sponsor visas (such as H1-B) at this time.
For internationally-based candidates: We are able to hire international contractors on a case-by-case basis who are amenable to significant overlap of their working hours with Eastern Time."
65	14 days ago	Mayo Clinic	AI/ML Software Architect - Center for Digital Health - Remote	"City
Rochester
State
Minnesota
Telecommute
Yes
Department
Center for Digital Health
Why Mayo Clinic
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!
Position description
The Artificial Intelligence Innovation and Enablement team within the Center for Digital Health at Mayo Clinic is looking for a highly skilled Principal Full Stack Engineer to serve as our AI/ML Software Architect. We are building teams of talented data scientists, implementation analysts, UX professionals and software engineers to develop and implement AI/ML models into production use. We serve as a central resource to enable other areas across the Mayo Clinic Enterprise in their AI/ML efforts. This is a career-defining opportunity to use your superpowers for good. At the values-based #1 hospital in the world, you will be collaborating with incredible healers and scientists, leading the way forward to help augment their abilities with machine learning.
Roles and Responsibilities: Architect AI/ML software solutions to address business needs. Leveraging the design thinking method, collaborate with both Product Management and Design to architect the AI/ML lifecycle and product line, addressing the challenges of healthcare AI/ML. Communicate with product managers, designers, data scientists and other internal and external stakeholders to gather requirements to address the business needs. Create high level product architectural specifications and design documents based on requirements. Provide architectural blueprints and technical leadership to the software engineering team. Lead the team through the software design, development, testing and release cycle to deliver and support the final AI software solutions on-prem or on cloud. Actively seek ways to improve software development process and keep the team up to date on latest software technologies and processes. Provide clear and accurate status report to management and stakeholders. Guide and coach members of the software engineering team.
This vacancy is not eligible for sponsorship/ we will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 10 years of experience including 5 years of demonstrated leadership experience. Or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 8 years of experience including 4 years of demonstrated leadership experience. Demonstrated experience on a broad range of software technologies and development platforms. 5+ years of experience in designing and building software solutions, including both front-end and back-end development. Expertise in front-end technologies, including JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5. Expertise in server-side programming languages including Java, Ruby, PHP and Python. Extensive experience in leading software development processes. Experience in a software architect role preferred. Excellent communication and leadership skills. Ability to collaborate effectively with internal business stakeholders, outside partners and technology teams.
Exemption status
Exempt
Compensation Detail
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $6,328-$9,492.80 based on a full-time position.
Benefits eligible
Yes
Schedule
Full Time
Hours / Pay period
80
Schedule details
M-F, daytime hours
100% remote role; employee can work from anywhere in the U.S.
Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.
Category
Administration, Business, Finance, IT and Engineering
Job posting number
152236BR
Recruiter
Laura Percival
Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
Email"
66	29 days ago	BlackBerry	Senior / Principal Machine Learning Engineer	"Worker Sub-Type:
Regular
 Job Description:
This position is open to remote applicants.
THE POSITION
At BlackBerry, we develop state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms to solve long-standing problems in computer security. We discover novel ML techniques and applications, build systems to handle petabytes of ludicrously high dimensional data, and protect people from bad actors.
We’re looking for a Senior/Principal Machine Learning Engineer to work with a team of 20 scientists and engineers and lead efforts to automate the training and evaluation of models underlying all of our security products across millions of endpoints as well as in the cloud. This position will partner with many peer engineering, product, and research teams to define requirements and deliver insights, so written and in-person communication skills are extremely important.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Design, build, and maintain automated machine learning training systems in Python
Design, build, and maintain analytics tools for use within our AWS cloud environment
Regularly contribute to documentation of our systems and tools
Lead technical efforts, including design and code reviews, and mentor staff appropriately
Communicate with internal teams and stakeholders to understand project requirements
WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR?
Experience writing and maintaining production-grade Python in a collaborative team
Experience developing and supporting analytics tools using Python and Pandas
Experience automating infrastructure to train, evaluate, and deploy ML algorithms
Experience leading technical projects and mentoring junior team members
Experience with software build and release processes, unit testing, version control, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication
Solid understanding of the *nix command line
3+ years in industry with a PhD or 6+ years with a Master’s degree
ABOVE AND BEYOND
Solid grasp of statistics including product evaluation techniques like AB(N) testing
Experience using AWS (S3, EC2, Glue Data Catalog, etc.)
Experience with serverless query-in-place technologies like Presto / Athena
Experience building and using Docker containers
Job Family Group Name:
Product Development
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40"
67	26 days ago	Danaher Digital	Lead Architect, Data & Machine/Deep Learning Platforms	"You will partner across Danaher to define, architect, develop and deploy new data and AI (Machine Learning/Deep Learning) platform solutions (data, analytics or IoT)!

You will become a trusted technology adviser to our operating companies and customers, and will work with their sales, business development, solution architects and service teams to drive adoption of data and analytics solutions.

We have a passion for inspiring, motivating, educating, designing and building cloud-based data/AI platforms for a diverse and exciting set of markets ranging from life sciences to health care diagnostics to water to environmental sciences and to industrials.

We are open to remote work from The Bay Area, Seattle, San Diego, Irvine and Los Angeles!

Responsibilities

Lead, architect, design and develop secure, scalable, high-performance and reliable – and cost effective – big data and analytics platform software and services

Translate customer’s big data and AI requirements into architectural models

Define, deploy and advance processes for: API-first principles, microservices, SDLC/MDLC (model development life cycle), CI/CD, quality, monitoring, security, extensibility and maintainability of big data and analytics platform software and services

Review code, look for design breaches, provide meaningful and relevant feedback to developers and stay up to date with system changes

Provide technical leadership to software developers, data scientists/engineers and product owners/managers through brainstorming sessions, design reviews and retrospectives.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s in computer engineering, computer science or a related field

8+ years of experience architecting and building Big Data and ML products or platforms software in a software product development organization

5+ years of experience on experience with AWS or Azure cloud platforms, including container platforms (Docker/Kubernetes)

7+ years of experience in one or more programming languages like Java, Python or Scala or Spark

5+ years of hands-on experience in productionizing and deploying Big Data platforms with proficiency in SQL/NoSQL/time series databases, ETL/ELT frameworks, and data security aspects.

Strong written and verbal communication to build consensus among technical or semi-technical audiences

Preferred Qualifications

Master’s in computer engineering, computer science or a related subject area

Diversity & Inclusion

At Danaher, we are dedicated to building and sustaining a truly diverse and inclusive culture. These are not just words on a page—Diversity and Inclusion is a top priority for the company, and it ties deeply to each of our core values. Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law.

#LI-SM1
#LI-Remote"
68	30+ days ago	Avtex	Sr. Consultant - Data/AI Engineer	"Avtex Solutions is a 3 time Microsoft Partner of the Year and multi-Gold Certified Microsoft Partner that specializes in the implementation of modern workplace, IoT and AI infused solutions using Microsoft Office 365 (Power Stack, Teams, SharePoint and Flow), Azure Virtualization, Cognitive Services and Machine Learning as well as Dynamics platforms. Our company is passionate about technology and high customer standards and committed to becoming the go-to Microsoft Consultancy for Business and Digital Transformation. We are growing and adding Data Engineers to our Solutions Delivery team. You must be comfortable working in a flexible, collaborative environment and making decisions that impact project and business results.

As a Senior Consultant focused on Data/AI, you will not only be working with clients to deliver world-class Data and Artificial Intelligence driven solutions, but also mentoring other team members and beginning to participate in pre-sales activities. Senior Consultants are typically a leader on our projects and oversee a small team of consultants to deliver the work. We are looking for someone with outstanding client-facing skills, the ability to understand complex data structures and develop creative solutions using the latest Microsoft technologies.
Responsibilities
Develops sustainable business relationships with clients, gaining increased knowledge of their needs and challenges to implement effective solutions through Avtex offerings.
Presents project vision, architecture, and strategy to clients while driving transformation and innovation in medium-large client organizations.
Assists business development with project requirements. Develops related estimates and aids in completing the Scope of Work (SOW).
Demonstrates concern for meeting client needs in a manner that provides satisfaction and excellent results for the client, leading to additional opportunities within the client account.
Demonstrates leadership responsibilities on projects of various sizes. For example, may assist the team manager with project identification and assignment as needed. Ensures consultants are aware of timelines associated with assigned tasks.
Conducts related needs analysis and gathers client requirements. Successfully installs, configures, deploys, customizes and tests Avtex Solutions for multiple clients.
Follows industry technology trends through self-study and formal training and shares that knowledge internally and externally via white papers, blog posts, and social media.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, or a related field preferred.
Certification in relevant Microsoft discipline(s) preferred.
Minimum of 3-5+ years’ experience working with Microsoft PowerBI and Power Query development in a professional services environment.
At least 1 year of experience leading project teams, either formally or informally.
3-5 years experience in business analysis and requirements gathering.
Prior experience developing ETL solutions with SSIS, OLAP solutions with SSAS, SharePoint BI design, development and deployment required.
Strong SQL experience querying and manipulating data.
Experience working with API’s and streaming data.
Strong business data analysis skills and data profiling ability.
Exposure to Excel Services, Native KPIs, Native Filtering, and Business Data Catalog knowledge and application within SharePoint a plus.
Demonstrated ability to create client KPI dashboards utilizing technologies to include SSRS, Excel and Excel Services, and PerformancePoint Server.
Preferred Skills include: SQL, Javascript and Python, Databricks on Azure or AWS, Azure Data Factory pipelines, Azure Logic Apps , Event Grid, or Stream Analytics, Power BI, Tableau, or Qlik, Experience with handling data in sensitive situations: SOX compliance, GDPR requests, HITRUST certified environments
Strong understanding of business operations and processes, and the ability to identify and implement IT solutions that solve management needs.
Outstanding client service skills.
Ability to lead teams and provide support to junior team members.
Employee is required to travel to business and customer locations, locally and/or nationally up to 30%.
#SrConData
#National
Working at Avtex
At Avtex, we’ve worked hard to create a culture that promotes teamwork, creativity and an effective balance between work and the life outside of it. We are committed to attracting the best and brightest, retaining the best and brightest and building an enviable culture. In short, we want our employee experience to inspire people.
Do you want to be inspired in your workplace? We’re always looking for talented people to join our team!"
69	30+ days ago	Plum Lending	Senior Machine Learning Engineer (Remote - US based)	"Senior Machine Learning Engineer
JOB SUMMARY
We are looking for a data-driven problem solver who can automatically discover and extract information from multiple data sources and who enjoys working with new data science technologies. The senior machine learning engineer will work to recognize patterns and productize your solutions and techniques for integration into our products and our processes. You will have a high degree of authority and autonomy, be capable of managing multiple high-priority tasks in a timely manner, and collaborate across the business. A successful machine learning engineer at Plum needs to be innovative, detail-oriented, team-focused, strategic and effective in new and changing environments.

We are looking for the candidate to start immediately.
Plum employees work full time from their US based home.
RESPONSIBILITIES
 Participate heavily in architecture, design and implementation of machine learning pipelines Develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices and other issues. Development of data-driven products. Visualize and communicate data clearly for use both internally and externally. Collaborate with our engineers to produce excellent products for Plum clients as well as streamline internal processes.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline 2+ years of production-level machine learning model deployment Experience in working with big data technologies Spark, MapReduce, NoSQL databases Experience with AWS infrastructure such as EC2, S3 and Glue Hands-on Industry experience with machine learning frameworks like SageMaker, TensorFlow High proficiency in Java Knowledge of both neural networks and traditional ML techniques Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau An entrepreneurial spirit as well as passion for solving difficult challenges through innovation and creativity, with a strong focus on results Conscientious and well organized Eager to produce results and drive forward progress while managing deadlines

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Experience in working with graph database such as TigerGraph or Neo4j Have worked in a fast paced startup environment Experience with finance technology/analytics and commercial real estate

BENEFITS Early equity in a startup that is revolutionizing commercial real estate lending.
Fully Remote Role Generous health, dental and vision coverage for employees and family members, along with commuter pre-tax program. Unlimited vacation policy. Opportunity to make a meaningful impact on the disruption of an industry and to shape the building of a company and culture. Chance for your direct input to be realized and put into action. Freedom to stretch the boundaries of your past work experience, learn skills outside of your immediate job description and grow your career. Autonomy, flexibility and a flat corporate structure.

ABOUT PLUM
Plum is leading the transformation of commercial real estate lending through innovative and breakthrough technology, pioneering the fintech revolution within the $3.3 trillion CRE loan market. We deliver to our clients expedited execution, improved transaction visibility and an unparalleled client experience.
The team includes former senior level executives and talent from Wells Fargo, KKR, Starwood Capital, Goldman Sachs and AMD. We have extensive experience with CRE sourcing, underwriting and funding processes, as well as deep networks of institutional financing channels. The team has a combined 75 years of CRE lending experience in the U.S. with deal volume totaling over $50 billion, and team members have sourced and underwritten 1,570 CRE loans across virtually all property types and geographic markets. Our founder and CEO, Bill Fisher, has had decades of experience building successful startup businesses including GetSmart.com, Xing and Trivago.
In August 2015 Plum secured our Series A funding led by Renren Inc., who has built an exceptional record of backing fintech companies including SoFi, LendingHome and Motif Investing. Renren’s decision follows an earlier seed investment by QED Investors, a pre-eminent VC firm led by the founders of Capital One, whose portfolio includes Prosper, Orchard and ApplePie Capital.
We are an early stage, high growth company with endless opportunities for advancement for individuals that are driven to deliver tangible results and do whatever it takes to move Plum forward. We seek to build Plum into a new national financial services brand as well as a fantastic place to come to work.

Must be authorized to work in the US. Plum does not sponsor employee visas."
70	30+ days ago	PPL Corporation	Sr Machine Learning Architect- Remote	"Corporate Summary
As one of the largest investor-owned companies in the U.S. utility sector, PPL Corporation delivers on its promises to customers, investors, employees and the communities we serve. Our utilities - Western Power Distribution, Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, and PPL Electric Utilities - provide an outstanding service experience for our customers, consistently ranking among the best in the United States and the United Kingdom. PPL has grown from a company with customers and facilities in one region of Pennsylvania to a diverse energy company with more than 10 million customers in the U.S. and the U.K. PPL provides energy for millions of customers while providing challenging and rewarding careers for thousands of employees around the U.S. and abroad.
Experience Level
Professional
Regular or Temporary
Regular
Full-time or Part-time
Full-Time
Position Summary
PPL’s Data & Analytics Office is seeking a Senior Machine Learning Architect to be an integral part of the Digital Transformation. The ideal candidate is expected to have good understanding of machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data analytics solutions and should be able to analyze and optimize machine learning workloads on advanced hardware and software platforms. He/she will be instrumental in architecting highly scalable Machine Learning frameworks as part of our Data & Analytics Platform. You will be working cross-functionally with the Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and business groups and lead the architecture, design and development of Advanced Analytics within PPL’s Data Platform. You will use your deep technical experience in working with technologies related to Machine Learning and AI frameworks and use this knowledge to implement best practices. It will be a crucial role to create and implement a well-informed Advanced Analytics strategy. He/she should be able to communicate to technical and non-technical audience and guide more junior team members in creating and execution the developed vision.
Primary Responsibilities
1. Lead the end-to-end architecture of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions for PPL’s data platform.
2. Implement machine learning algorithms into services and pipelines to be consumed at scale.
3. Work with our business stakeholders across PPL to understand their business needs and translate those needs to design solutions using ML/AI.
4. Hands-on in creating architectural prototypes and design implementation to demonstrate your vision in ML/AI solutions and lead the way from concept to realization.
5. Own and drive contemporary best practices in applying and deploying data science at scale.
6. As a trusted leader and hands-on architect, you will share recommendations around best practices, cost trade-offs, security, performance and reliability in bringing ML models to production.
7. Collaborate with Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and Platform developers across the organization in an Agile environment in crafting and implementing your technical vision.
8. Thought Leadership: Evangelize and drive best practices in ML/AI development life cycle, production deployment and governance.
9. Enjoy working in a collaborative team with data scientists, data engineers, architects, Product Owners/Product Managers from other business units and/or customers, to develop high-value solutions for our most complex data-based challenges.
10. May be assigned an Electric Utilities emergency and storm role. This is a special assignment that comes into play during storms and other emergencies when the company needs to restore power or respond to other issues affecting customer service. This role may necessitate the need to work after-hours, outside of your normal schedule.
Candidate Qualifications
Candidates must meet the basic qualifications and pass all required tests or assessments to receive consideration.In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility form upon hire.
Basic Qualifications
1. Bachelor’s in Computer Science or related field.
2. 7+ years of programming in large scale production systems, in languages such as Python, Java, Scala etc.
3. 5+ years of experience in Cloud environments such as Azure/AWS and at least 3+ years of experience in services in these environments related to ML/AI.
4. 5+ years of experience in architecting and deploying and operating ML/AI models (ML Ops) in production in cloud and edge environments; Experience in designing, deployment and management scalable data pipelines.
5. Experience with a variety of ML and AI techniques (multivariate/logistic regression models, cluster analysis, predictive modeling, neural networks, deep learning, pricing models, decision trees, ensemble methods, etc.).
6. Advanced skillset building models and performing analysis using scripting languages (Python, R, Scala, etc).
7. Advanced knowledge of relational and non-relational databases (SQL, NoSQL)
8. Proficient in large-scale distributed systems (Hadoop, Spark, etc.).
9. Experience with designing and presenting compelling insights using visualization tools (PowerBI, Tableau etc).
10. Experience with wrangling, exploring, transforming, and analyzing datasets of varying size and complexity.
11. Experience working using Agile-based principles and tools.
12. Stay current with AI/ML trends and research; be a thought leader in AI area.
13. Strong communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to engage customers at a business level in addition to a technical level.
14. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and team player attitude.
Additional Requirements
The company reserves the right to determine if this position will be assigned to work on-site, remotely, or a combination of both. Assigned work location may change. In the case of remote work, physical presence in the office/on-site may be required to engage in face-to-face interaction and coordination of work among direct reports and co-workers.
Preferred Qualifications
1. Master’s in Computer Science or related field.
2. Microsoft Azure Certifications.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Our company is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity and the strength it brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, disability status, or any other protected characteristic.
Job Expires
13-Apr-2022"
71	18 days ago	Rackspace	Data Architect - GCP	"Our Data Architects are experienced technologists with technical depth and breadth, along with strong interpersonal skills. In this role, you will work directly with customers and our team to help enable innovation through continuous, hands-on, deployment across technology stacks. They will serve as the Data SME for our customers and be the focal touchpoint in engagements.
If you get a thrill working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers’ problems, we’d love to hear from you. It’s time to rethink the possible. Are you ready?
What You’ll Be Doing:
Defining, communicating and implementing data architecture strategy and infrastructure
Owner of our Enterprise data strategy with ability and desire to roll up sleeves technically when necessary
Work with Analysts and Business Users to translate functional specifications into data processes and models
Identify source system data sources and any necessary rules for transformation, consolidation, merging, cleansing
Strong knowledge of replication processes, change data capture processes, T-SQL and Dynamic SQL skills
Strong knowledge of data architectures to support reporting and data feeds (star schemas, slowly changing dimensions, etc.)
Experience with migrating from on-prem data platforms to cloud platforms (specifically Azure and GCP Date Products)
Understanding of Big Data storage and integration architectures (e.g., streaming & near-real time data pipelines)
Strong expertise in at least 2 of the 3 hyper scalers with a focused expertise around Data Analytics.
Willingness to learn and champion new technologies that support business capabilities
Eager to explore how machine learning and artificial intelligence can support business objectives
Ability to lead and coordinate an offshore team
The Skills You Bring:
Experience across all phases of data modeling, from conceptualization to database optimization
Experience with Data Warehousing (data lakes, operational data stores, integration hubs, etc.) and OLTP database management systems
Deep experience in evaluating data flows and data models across the company, identifying improvement opportunities, and being able to build a plan to implement change
Solid understanding of concepts of cloud computing; Azure and GCP Data Architecture
Deep experience with Data Architecture / Data Modeling, both Dimensional and Relational
History of working successfully with cross-functional engineering teams
Passion for acquiring, analyzing, and transforming data to generate insights
Strong organizational and interpersonal skills; Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Must be able to effectively handle multiple deliverables simultaneously in a deadline driven environment
Qualifications & Experience: The expertise You Have:
Working knowledge of reporting applications; Tableau, Power BI, Microsoft SSRS preferred
Working knowledge of data stream-processing systems and API Web Services concepts
15+ Years of Datawarehouse and Analytic system development and deployment experience
10+ years of experience in database architectures and data pipeline development
8+ years of experience in modern data ware housing platform using cloud native technologies
6+ years of experience in delivering Azure/GCP/AWS Data Solutions.
Hands-On experience with documentation frameworks to illustrate data models, data flows, and deliverables that track the data flowing into our platforms
Demonstrated knowledge of software development tools and methodologies
Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT management, and developers
Excellent communication skills with an ability to right level conversations
Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background desired
Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly
Experience with Google Cloud Services such as Streaming + Batch, BigQuery, BigTable, DataStudio, DataPrep, Pub/Sub , Cloud Storage, Cloud Dataflow, Data Proc, DataFlow, DFunc, Big Query & Big Table
knowledge and proven use of contemporary data mining, cloud computing and data management tools including but not limited to Microsoft Azure, AWS Cloud, Google Cloud, hadoop, HDFS, MapR and spark.
Design and configuration of data movement, streaming and transformation (ETL) technologies such as Informatica, Nifi, Kafka, Storm, Sqoop, SSIS, Alteryx, Pentaho, Alooma, Airflow.
Creation of descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics solutions using Azure Stream Analytics, Azure Analysis Services, Data Lake Analytics, HDInsight, HDP, Spark, Databricks, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Tez, SSAS.
Design and configuration of data movement, streaming and transformation (ETL) technologies such as Azure Data Factory, HDF, Nifi, Kafka, Storm, Sqoop, SSIS, LogicApps, Signiant, Aspera, Alteryx, Pentaho, Alooma, Airflow.
Large scale design, implementation and operations of OLTP, OLAP, DW and NoSQL data storage technologies such as SQL Server, Azure SQL, Azure SQL DW, PostgreSQL, CosmosDB, RedisCache, Azure Data Lake Store, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Databricks, Hadoop, Hive, MySQL, Neo4j, Cassandra, HBase
Experience working within an agile development process (Scrum, Kanban, etc)
Expertise in data estate workloads like HDInsight, Hadoop, Cloudera, Spark, Python.
Familiarity with CI/CD concepts
Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams.
Knowledge or hands-on experience with data visualization and/or data sciences.
Ability to succeed in a fast paced, matrix structured environment
Must have's:
Hands on experience with Azure/GCP projects.
Cloud certifications such as GCP Professional Data Engineer or Microsoft Data / AI certifications.
Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background desired
Location:
This is a virtual role
The candidate needs to be based in US or Canada
#LI-VM
#LI-Remote
#Rackspace
About Rackspace Technology
We are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future.

More on Rackspace Technology
Though we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

Position is available for remote work in the following states unless otherwise specified. Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming."
72	30+ days ago	Covance	Senior Principal Statistical Programmer (Remote): FSP	"Job Overview:
Hiring for Senior Principal Statistical Programmer (Remote) FSP: can be based anywhere in USA/ Canada #LI-REMOTE
Act as Statistical Programming Project Manager or Project Director for large global or other major programs which may include global responsibilities.
Provide ongoing supervision of projects, advice and consultation to the Lead Programmers and the rest of the programming team to ensure timely and efficient completion of projects. Ensure all issues raised are addressed and all potential issues are handled proactively.
Demonstrate excellent problem solving skills, a proactive approach and the ability to make sound decisions on a regular basis and communicate these clearly.
Interact with the management and wider team in related disciplines e.g. Clinical Data Management, Clinical and Biostatistics, to ensure consistency in approach, ongoing co-operation and teamwork and regular discussion regarding process improvements.
Act as Subject Matter Expert with Partnership Clients
Provide statistical programming input into other disciplines’ activities and participate in interdepartmental processes.
Ensure appropriate review of deliverables, implementing follow-up activities at the individual or departmental level.
If desired, may continue to supervise less-experienced statistical programmers carrying out line management responsibilities while maintaining strong technical involvement in projects. This would include Performance Management and Development activities, disciplinary procedures and administrative activities.
Display a positive attitude at all times, promoting and contributing to a good team spirit with a productive and professional environment.
Facilitate the flow of information, comment and feedback between senior management and all levels of staff.
Provide training and development of less experienced staff within the department.
Provide training on Statistical Programming related topics to other disciplines.
Ensure good communication across the global management team.
Advise on all aspects of technical planning for projects.
Identify and assist others in identifying changes in scope of projects and provide time and cost modifications and detailed information for the development of change orders.
Provide and interpret resource requirements on a regular basis to ensure that programmers within the department are utilized as fully and as efficiently as possible.
Ensure all Statistical Programming activities are carried out in accordance with Covance by Labcorp or project specific processes.
Ensure the quality work of the group and department through ongoing quality management and review to ensure high quality deliverables to clients and internal customers.
Devise recruitment strategies to maximize ability to find and recruit high caliber staff. Perform interview and selection.
Provide input and review of new business proposals, including time and cost estimates and associated documentation; participate in associated client development activities.
Represent Statistical Programming department during audits, particularly those related to new client opportunities.
Carry out all activities according to appropriate Covance by Labcorp SOPs, working within the framework of the Quality Management System and to GCP.
Perform other duties as requested by management.
Education/Qualifications:
Minimum Required:
BSc in a computing, life science, mathematical or statistical subject.
A high computing content is considered to be beneficial; however proven computing skills are most important
Experience:
Minimum Required:
A minimum of 10 years experience in provision of programming support for clinical trial management and reporting, preferably with at least 2 years of statistical programming responsibility with a CRO.
Strong project management skills and supervisory skills gained from at least 3 years leading large scale projects.
Extensive experience and proven skills in the use of SAS within a clinical trials environment including all processes / practices used within a Statistical Programming environment.
Substantial knowledge of all aspects of clinical trials from initial study set-up to study completion. Complete knowledge and understanding of the processes and procedures used within a Statistical Programming environment and the ability to communicate to programmers and non-programmers alike.
Full understanding of the job roles in programming, to be able to identify training and development needs, opportunities for optimizing staff utilization and employing the most efficient practices.
An excellent understanding of the roles and responsibilities of all related disciplines, e.g. Biostatistics and Clinical Data Management.
Ability to apply extensive technical expertise and full knowledge of other related disciplines to provide consultancy and advice on programming and wider related issues to other departments and disciplines.
Excellent organizational skills and the ability to delegate and prioritize work.
Self motivation and the ability to work independently, excellent time management skills and the ability to work to tight deadlines whilst maintaining the highest standards of work.
Good interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate appropriately with all levels of staff throughout the global organization and confidently with other disciplines and external clients. Ability to promote a good team working environment, providing the client with a high quality service whilst recognizing our business needs.
A proactive approach to developing and maintaining effective working relationships with staff in other disciplines, often in other locations and in working to achieve consistent processes and standards across them.
A co-operative and team orientated approach.
Project management skills and team leadership experience, as demonstrated by ability to organize and motivate project teams.
Good interview skills to ensure successful recruitment of high caliber candidates.
Good logistical skills in order to manage the work of a team / group of Statistical Programmers.
Good general business awareness and an understanding of the business needs of a CRO."
73	30+ days ago	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Sr. Programmer Writer - AI/ML, Robomaker	"Subject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing
Proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tight deadlines
Proven record of writing SDK documentation
Proven record of working with XML, markdown, Sphinx and RST for developing documentation
Proven record of working with version control (preferably GitHub)
Abilities to read, edit maintain code in Python
Experience using content publishing tools to write, format, manage, and publish high-quality content
Familiarity with using and following a style guide
Experience with cloud computing/web services or related areas
Familiarity with Jupyter notebooks

This position is open to candidates for the Seattle, Palo Alto, Arlington, and Boston locations. Candidates at other work locations may also be considered.
Are you deeply curious about robotics and AI? Are you a good writer? If so, you might be interested in a position as a Sr. Programmer Writer at Amazon Web Services (AWS).

As an AWS Programmer Writer, you will have the opportunity to work with a talented technical team to produce technical documentation in a cross-functional, distributed environment. Amazon.com is committed to being a leader in the web services marketplace, and one of the key measures of success is how well we support the developers who use AWS products. The documentation team plays a vital role in getting our customers up and running quickly and making sure that the details of our products are clearly described and easy to understand.

We are looking for an individual who can help our team expand out materials around AWS's robotics simulation service, AWS Robomaker.

You will work closely with engineers and scientists to transform complex concepts into customer focused technical and educational materials that are helpful for both robotics research and robotics curious customer.
In your day-to-day you will deal with an ambiguous and nascent technology space. You are able to design, deliver and evolve a content roadmap for an existing product, in an evolving space. You can deliver independently, with limited guidance.
You are capable of building technical content for complex technologies for products or scenarios. Develop scripts, sample code, or technical procedures that are correct, appropriate for the audience and task, and easy to use.
Your primary sphere of impact is product CX but may include influencing UX design, roadmap priorities, and engineering team goals.

Specifically you will:

Balance creating content for a wide range of personas (technically deep academic researchers, corporate AWS users viewing this as a element in their existing AWS solution, the quantum curious who are learning about quantum)
Develop introductory and advanced domain-specific content for our public repositories (readthedocs, marketing-like landing page)
Provide code sample content that helps users learn about the service
Write developer guide
Write and/or review console content (device cards, warning messages, announcements, etc)
Develop a front end or style sheet for documentation presented in readthedocs
Lead our engagement model within the open source community (responding to forum questions, devising a strategy for building up our open source contributors)

AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


Degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field
Domain knowledge about robotics or machine learning
Familiarity with AWS services
Proven track record of measuring and increasing engagement of a diverse set of assets like open source repositories
Experience generating competitive analysis to inform our content strategy
Experience working with markdown, asciidoc or similar
Experience blogging or writing for technical audience
Experience creating websites
Experience fixing customer tickets, GitHub pull requests and issues, or an equivalent workflow for incident management

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit
https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
74	30+ days ago	Numerated Growth Technologies, Inc.	Principal Engineer, Data Science Engineering	"Overview /
Data Science and Engineering is responsible for full data processing flows, processing raw data streaming in live from myriad public APIs and batch ingestion, applying statistical methodologies and making our data available in a self-service fashion to drive and enable decision across the entire platform.
We are seeking a Principal Engineer, Data Sciences Engineering to help build the next generation data platform for Numerated. As a key member of the data platform engineering team, you will help build a platform in AWS that supports both streaming and batch workloads, and can bring vital information to our banking clients. Our platform will evolve to adapt to constantly changing business requirements while enforcing strict data quality standards and preserving data integrity.
Essential Responsibilities /
Contribute as a leader in the development of a modern data platform in a complex and fast-moving business and technical environment.
Collaborate with data platform product owner and engineering leadership to drive advanced analytics capability into the platform, both into Numerated’s core product as well as the visualization / consumption layer.
Progressively incorporate data science, machine learning, and other analytical techniques into the data platform, to offer insights and capability both internally and externally.
As a thought leader and evangelist, stay on top of technical advancements and new approaches in the ever-changing data technology landscape.
Champion and help lead the migration of our data platform to the cloud.
Develop workflow and model management framework in support of engineering and data science applications.
Scrum team member delivering shippable quality code in fast-paced sprint cycles, exemplify principles behind scrum and the Agile Manifesto.
Understand the importance of CI/CD, participate in code reviews and contribute to automated tests.
As a senior member of the team, contribute to its continuous improvement, providing development leadership and mentoring across the data science and engineering team, introducing new technologies, engineering best practices and techniques.
Consistently challenge best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability.
Contribute as a full-stack engineer in developing data platform capabilities, including user interfaces, database engineering, APIs, and metadata layer.
Oversee the quality of projects by ensuring that key technical procedures, standards, quality control mechanisms, and tools are properly utilized including performing root cause analyses for technical problems and engaging in work product quality review.
Set and ensure best-practices are followed for all aspects of the data platform including security and data standards compliance.
Education Requirements /
Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science or an equivalent technical field required
Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science or an equivalent technical field preferred
Work Experience Requirements /
5+ years experience working in data science engineering, involving building a data platform that serves a range of data science, data warehousing, visualization, and ad hoc analytic needs
7+ years experience in professional software development
5+ years experience in progressive data architecture, incorporating cloud technologies, data lakes, elastic data warehouses, object stores and serverless architectures
5+ years of experience with building efficient data processing pipelines for analytical systems, progressively incorporating streaming architectures, serverless event-driven ingestion pipelines, and good knowledge of ELT best practices
Demonstrated front-end development in frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angular.
Deep understanding of relational databases and No SQL data storage technologies, including elastic cloud data warehousing solutions such as Snowflake (ideal), Redshift, EMR and Big Query. Prior experience with Elasticsearch a plus.
Strong knowledge of distributed frameworks such as Spark, HBase, Presto and Flink
Significant experience with AWS, particularly with data-related services such as Glue, EMR, Lambda, Kinesis desired.
Comfortable working with data from a variety of sources (databases, JSON, text-based, semi/unstructured data).
Solid understanding and work experience with the Python data science ecosystem (e.g. NumPy, Pandas, Jupyter, Scikit-learn), R, Spark in cloud environments.
Experience with data science deployment environments such as Tensorflow and AWS SageMaker.
Significant past experience with SQL, dimensional data modeling, relational and columnar databases.
General understanding or experience with microservices and containerization.
Proficiency with Python, facility with other languages desirable: Java, NodeJS, Scala, OS scripting.
A professional attitude with strong interpersonal and communication skills - frequent video communication with remote teams and team members.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively and with self-direction in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment. Ability to maintain a positive attitude in high pressure situations and manage distributed teams with competing priorities with tight deadlines.
A passion for keeping up with the rapidly changing data technical landscape.
Consistent track record of coaching/mentoring individual contributors into more senior roles.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, strong communication, influencing, and presentation skills.
About Numerated
Numerated is a fast-growing, venture-backed financial technology company powering digital transformation at banks. The platform makes originating bank products exceptionally easy by using data to remove work otherwise required from customers and lenders. Numerated works with over 100 banks and credit unions and has decisioned nearly $20 billion in lending. The Numerated platform was originally incubated inside one of the highest volume SBA banks in the country before spinning out of the bank in a high-profile round of venture capital financing. Investors include Patriot Financial Partners, FINTOP Capital, Hyperplane, and Venrock, one of the world’s leading venture capital firms with prior investments in Apple, DoubleClick, Endeca, and Intel. Numerated was recently recognized as one of the fastest growing fintechs in the world on CB Insights' ""2020 Fintech 250"" list, was named “2020’s Best Overall FinTech Software” by FinTech Breakthrough, and named “2020’s Most Innovative Industry Partner” by Barlow Research.
Our great people are at the heart of our company and key to our success. As a mostly remote workforce, we’re looking for more smart, driven, and down-to-earth Numerators to join our rapidly growing team. Our culture is open and flexible; our benefits range from 401(k) to care packages arriving at your house; and while we’re making a serious impact on banks, we always have time for witty puns and good laughs.
If you are interested in joining a collaborative team, working on pioneering technology, in an exciting phase of company growth – apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
aDdhkMRVmc"
75	30+ days ago	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Sr. Programmer Writer - AI/ML, Robomaker	"Subject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing
Proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tight deadlines
Proven record of writing SDK documentation
Proven record of working with XML, markdown, Sphinx and RST for developing documentation
Proven record of working with version control (preferably GitHub)
Abilities to read, edit maintain code in Python
Experience using content publishing tools to write, format, manage, and publish high-quality content
Familiarity with using and following a style guide
Experience with cloud computing/web services or related areas
Familiarity with Jupyter notebooks

This position is open to candidates for the Seattle, Palo Alto, Arlington, and Boston locations. Candidates at other work locations may also be considered.
Are you deeply curious about robotics and AI? Are you a good writer? If so, you might be interested in a position as a Sr. Programmer Writer at Amazon Web Services (AWS).

As an AWS Programmer Writer, you will have the opportunity to work with a talented technical team to produce technical documentation in a cross-functional, distributed environment. Amazon.com is committed to being a leader in the web services marketplace, and one of the key measures of success is how well we support the developers who use AWS products. The documentation team plays a vital role in getting our customers up and running quickly and making sure that the details of our products are clearly described and easy to understand.

We are looking for an individual who can help our team expand out materials around AWS's robotics simulation service, AWS Robomaker.

You will work closely with engineers and scientists to transform complex concepts into customer focused technical and educational materials that are helpful for both robotics research and robotics curious customer.
In your day-to-day you will deal with an ambiguous and nascent technology space. You are able to design, deliver and evolve a content roadmap for an existing product, in an evolving space. You can deliver independently, with limited guidance.
You are capable of building technical content for complex technologies for products or scenarios. Develop scripts, sample code, or technical procedures that are correct, appropriate for the audience and task, and easy to use.
Your primary sphere of impact is product CX but may include influencing UX design, roadmap priorities, and engineering team goals.

Specifically you will:

Balance creating content for a wide range of personas (technically deep academic researchers, corporate AWS users viewing this as a element in their existing AWS solution, the quantum curious who are learning about quantum)
Develop introductory and advanced domain-specific content for our public repositories (readthedocs, marketing-like landing page)
Provide code sample content that helps users learn about the service
Write developer guide
Write and/or review console content (device cards, warning messages, announcements, etc)
Develop a front end or style sheet for documentation presented in readthedocs
Lead our engagement model within the open source community (responding to forum questions, devising a strategy for building up our open source contributors)

AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


Degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field
Domain knowledge about robotics or machine learning
Familiarity with AWS services
Proven track record of measuring and increasing engagement of a diverse set of assets like open source repositories
Experience generating competitive analysis to inform our content strategy
Experience working with markdown, asciidoc or similar
Experience blogging or writing for technical audience
Experience creating websites
Experience fixing customer tickets, GitHub pull requests and issues, or an equivalent workflow for incident management

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit
https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
76	30+ days ago	Numerated Growth Technologies, Inc.	Principal Engineer, Data Science Engineering	"Overview /
Data Science and Engineering is responsible for full data processing flows, processing raw data streaming in live from myriad public APIs and batch ingestion, applying statistical methodologies and making our data available in a self-service fashion to drive and enable decision across the entire platform.
We are seeking a Principal Engineer, Data Sciences Engineering to help build the next generation data platform for Numerated. As a key member of the data platform engineering team, you will help build a platform in AWS that supports both streaming and batch workloads, and can bring vital information to our banking clients. Our platform will evolve to adapt to constantly changing business requirements while enforcing strict data quality standards and preserving data integrity.
Essential Responsibilities /
Contribute as a leader in the development of a modern data platform in a complex and fast-moving business and technical environment.
Collaborate with data platform product owner and engineering leadership to drive advanced analytics capability into the platform, both into Numerated’s core product as well as the visualization / consumption layer.
Progressively incorporate data science, machine learning, and other analytical techniques into the data platform, to offer insights and capability both internally and externally.
As a thought leader and evangelist, stay on top of technical advancements and new approaches in the ever-changing data technology landscape.
Champion and help lead the migration of our data platform to the cloud.
Develop workflow and model management framework in support of engineering and data science applications.
Scrum team member delivering shippable quality code in fast-paced sprint cycles, exemplify principles behind scrum and the Agile Manifesto.
Understand the importance of CI/CD, participate in code reviews and contribute to automated tests.
As a senior member of the team, contribute to its continuous improvement, providing development leadership and mentoring across the data science and engineering team, introducing new technologies, engineering best practices and techniques.
Consistently challenge best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability.
Contribute as a full-stack engineer in developing data platform capabilities, including user interfaces, database engineering, APIs, and metadata layer.
Oversee the quality of projects by ensuring that key technical procedures, standards, quality control mechanisms, and tools are properly utilized including performing root cause analyses for technical problems and engaging in work product quality review.
Set and ensure best-practices are followed for all aspects of the data platform including security and data standards compliance.
Education Requirements /
Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science or an equivalent technical field required
Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science or an equivalent technical field preferred
Work Experience Requirements /
5+ years experience working in data science engineering, involving building a data platform that serves a range of data science, data warehousing, visualization, and ad hoc analytic needs
7+ years experience in professional software development
5+ years experience in progressive data architecture, incorporating cloud technologies, data lakes, elastic data warehouses, object stores and serverless architectures
5+ years of experience with building efficient data processing pipelines for analytical systems, progressively incorporating streaming architectures, serverless event-driven ingestion pipelines, and good knowledge of ELT best practices
Demonstrated front-end development in frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angular.
Deep understanding of relational databases and No SQL data storage technologies, including elastic cloud data warehousing solutions such as Snowflake (ideal), Redshift, EMR and Big Query. Prior experience with Elasticsearch a plus.
Strong knowledge of distributed frameworks such as Spark, HBase, Presto and Flink
Significant experience with AWS, particularly with data-related services such as Glue, EMR, Lambda, Kinesis desired.
Comfortable working with data from a variety of sources (databases, JSON, text-based, semi/unstructured data).
Solid understanding and work experience with the Python data science ecosystem (e.g. NumPy, Pandas, Jupyter, Scikit-learn), R, Spark in cloud environments.
Experience with data science deployment environments such as Tensorflow and AWS SageMaker.
Significant past experience with SQL, dimensional data modeling, relational and columnar databases.
General understanding or experience with microservices and containerization.
Proficiency with Python, facility with other languages desirable: Java, NodeJS, Scala, OS scripting.
A professional attitude with strong interpersonal and communication skills - frequent video communication with remote teams and team members.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively and with self-direction in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment. Ability to maintain a positive attitude in high pressure situations and manage distributed teams with competing priorities with tight deadlines.
A passion for keeping up with the rapidly changing data technical landscape.
Consistent track record of coaching/mentoring individual contributors into more senior roles.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, strong communication, influencing, and presentation skills.
About Numerated
Numerated is a fast-growing, venture-backed financial technology company powering digital transformation at banks. The platform makes originating bank products exceptionally easy by using data to remove work otherwise required from customers and lenders. Numerated works with over 100 banks and credit unions and has decisioned nearly $20 billion in lending. The Numerated platform was originally incubated inside one of the highest volume SBA banks in the country before spinning out of the bank in a high-profile round of venture capital financing. Investors include Patriot Financial Partners, FINTOP Capital, Hyperplane, and Venrock, one of the world’s leading venture capital firms with prior investments in Apple, DoubleClick, Endeca, and Intel. Numerated was recently recognized as one of the fastest growing fintechs in the world on CB Insights' ""2020 Fintech 250"" list, was named “2020’s Best Overall FinTech Software” by FinTech Breakthrough, and named “2020’s Most Innovative Industry Partner” by Barlow Research.
Our great people are at the heart of our company and key to our success. As a mostly remote workforce, we’re looking for more smart, driven, and down-to-earth Numerators to join our rapidly growing team. Our culture is open and flexible; our benefits range from 401(k) to care packages arriving at your house; and while we’re making a serious impact on banks, we always have time for witty puns and good laughs.
If you are interested in joining a collaborative team, working on pioneering technology, in an exciting phase of company growth – apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
aDdhkMRVmc"
77	30+ days ago	Abbvie	Manager, Statistical Programming Operations (Home-Based)	"About AbbVie
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Purpose:
AbbVie Data and Statistical Sciences (DSS) is the best-in-class organization within its cross-industry peer group and is responsible for bringing people, process, and technology together to generate business value from clinical data. Our operational model is exemplified through execution and innovation.
The Manager of Statistical Programming Operations is a strategic and leadership role which guides and manages a team of in house, cross functional or functional service provider resources. This role is responsible for optimizing and deploying business processes and technology solutions within DSS in support of the AbbVie portfolio. A technical and innovative role that partners with statistical programming, clinical analytics, data standards, statistical sciences, data sciences and information technology experts to implement next generation clinical data analysis ecosystem.
Responsibilities:
Leads the design, deployment and maintenance of various cross-functional solutions, business processes, and associated technologies.
Manages cross functional teams and delivers optimization of end-to-end business processes that enable quality and efficiency.
Drives change management by conceiving and operationalizing innovation and facilitating adoption across teams.
Engages with multi-disciplinary experts to influence, elicit, analyze and document business requirements and translate into technology functional requirements.
Leverages project management tools and software development methodologies to manage resources, mitigate risk and deliver on commitments.
Evaluates and recommends: upcoming industry trends, best practices, cutting-edge tools and novel programming approaches that leverage machine learning, simulation, robotic automation, metadata driven processes, artificial intelligence and natural language processing.
Participates in recruitment, selection and mentoring of new staff.

Qualifications
This position can be based on site in Madison, NJ or home-based in the United States.
Basic:
M.S. in computer science, data science, engineering, statistics or a related field with 8+ years of relevant experience. B.S. in computer science, data science, engineering, statistics or a related field with 10+ years of relevant experience.
Previous experience leading teams. Matrix Management and Project Management skills desirable.
Ability to effectively communicate complex analytical and technical concepts with clarity, both written and oral.
Ability to effectively represent Statistical Programming Operations in cross functional teams.
Demonstrated problem-solving, analytical and multitasking skills with a good understanding of clinical research, statistical programming and CDISC standards.
Intermediate-level proficiency in SAS, R, python, shell scripting or other programming languages. Intermediate-level knowledge of statistical and data mining techniques.
Programming certifications and proficiency in multiple programming languages desirable.
Familiarity with various programming paradigms and IT system architectures desirable.

Significant Work Activities
N/A
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
M
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic."
78	30+ days ago	Plum Lending	Senior Machine Learning Engineer - Work From Home	"Senior Machine Learning Engineer
JOB SUMMARY
We are looking for a data-driven problem solver who can automatically discover and extract information from multiple data sources and who enjoys working with new data science technologies. The senior machine learning engineer will work to recognize patterns and productize your solutions and techniques for integration into our products and our processes. You will have a high degree of authority and autonomy, be capable of managing multiple high-priority tasks in a timely manner, and collaborate across the business. A successful machine learning engineer at Plum needs to be innovative, detail-oriented, team-focused, strategic and effective in new and changing environments.

We are looking for the candidate to start immediately.
Plum employees work full time from their US based home.
RESPONSIBILITIES
 Participate heavily in architecture, design and implementation of machine learning pipelines Develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices and other issues. Development of data-driven products. Visualize and communicate data clearly for use both internally and externally. Collaborate with our engineers to produce excellent products for Plum clients as well as streamline internal processes.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline 2+ years of production-level machine learning model deployment Experience in working with big data technologies Spark, MapReduce, NoSQL databases Experience with AWS infrastructure such as EC2, S3 and Glue Hands-on Industry experience with machine learning frameworks like SageMaker, TensorFlow High proficiency in Java Knowledge of both neural networks and traditional ML techniques Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau An entrepreneurial spirit as well as passion for solving difficult challenges through innovation and creativity, with a strong focus on results Conscientious and well organized Eager to produce results and drive forward progress while managing deadlines

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Experience in working with graph database such as TigerGraph or Neo4j Have worked in a fast paced startup environment Experience with finance technology/analytics and commercial real estate

BENEFITS Early equity in a startup that is revolutionizing commercial real estate lending.
Fully Remote Role Generous health, dental and vision coverage for employees and family members, along with commuter pre-tax program. Unlimited vacation policy. Opportunity to make a meaningful impact on the disruption of an industry and to shape the building of a company and culture. Chance for your direct input to be realized and put into action. Freedom to stretch the boundaries of your past work experience, learn skills outside of your immediate job description and grow your career. Autonomy, flexibility and a flat corporate structure.

ABOUT PLUM
Plum is leading the transformation of commercial real estate lending through innovative and breakthrough technology, pioneering the fintech revolution within the $3.3 trillion CRE loan market. We deliver to our clients expedited execution, improved transaction visibility and an unparalleled client experience.
The team includes former senior level executives and talent from Wells Fargo, KKR, Starwood Capital, Goldman Sachs and AMD. We have extensive experience with CRE sourcing, underwriting and funding processes, as well as deep networks of institutional financing channels. The team has a combined 75 years of CRE lending experience in the U.S. with deal volume totaling over $50 billion, and team members have sourced and underwritten 1,570 CRE loans across virtually all property types and geographic markets. Our founder and CEO, Bill Fisher, has had decades of experience building successful startup businesses including GetSmart.com, Xing and Trivago.
In August 2015 Plum secured our Series A funding led by Renren Inc., who has built an exceptional record of backing fintech companies including SoFi, LendingHome and Motif Investing. Renren’s decision follows an earlier seed investment by QED Investors, a pre-eminent VC firm led by the founders of Capital One, whose portfolio includes Prosper, Orchard and ApplePie Capital.
We are an early stage, high growth company with endless opportunities for advancement for individuals that are driven to deliver tangible results and do whatever it takes to move Plum forward. We seek to build Plum into a new national financial services brand as well as a fantastic place to come to work.

Must be authorized to work in the US. Plum does not sponsor employee visas."
79	14 days ago	Mayo Clinic	AI/ML Senior Full Stack Engineer - Center for Digital Health - Remote	"City
Rochester
State
Minnesota
Telecommute
Yes
Department
Center for Digital Health
Why Mayo Clinic
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!
Position description
The Artificial Intelligence Innovation and Enablement team within the Center for Digital Health at Mayo Clinic is looking for a highly skilled Principal Full Stack Engineer to partner with our Product Managers, UX designers, and AI/ML architect to lead our ML Ops and tool build. We are building teams of talented data scientists, implementation analysts, UX staff and software engineers to develop and implement AI/ML models into production use. We serve as a central resource to enable other areas across the Mayo Clinic Enterprise in their AI/ML efforts. This is a career-defining opportunity to use your superpowers for good. At the values-based #1 hospital in the world, you will be collaborating with incredible healers and scientists, leading the way forward to help augment their abilities with machine learning.
Roles and Responsibilities: Work with AI/ML architects, UX designers, and product managers to understand requirements and engineer AI/ML solutions and products that improve the experience of doing healthcare AI/ML. Within a design thinking framework, collaborate with product managers, designers, data scientists and other internal and external stakeholders to gather and refine requirements to address the business needs. Create product engineering specifications and design documents based on requirements. Provide technical leadership to the software engineering team. Take direction from the Software Architect and ML Ops Manager and help lead the team through the software design, development, testing and release cycle to deliver and support the AI/ML solutions on-prem or on cloud. Actively seek ways to improve software development process and keep the team up to date on latest software technologies and processes. Provide clear and accurate status report to management and stakeholders as needed. Guide and coach members of the software engineering team.
This vacancy is not eligible for sponsorship/ we will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 7 years of experience. Or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 5 years of experience.
Demonstrated experience on a broad range of software technologies and development platforms.

5 years of experience in designing and building software solutions, including both front-end and back-end development. Excellent programming skills.
Expertise in front-end technologies, including JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5.
Expertise in server-side programming languages including Java, Ruby, PHP and Python.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Experience in leading software development processes.

Ability to collaborate effectively with internal business stakeholders, outside partners and technology teams.
Exemption status
Exempt
Compensation Detail
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $5,856.80-$8,492 based on a full-time position.
Benefits eligible
Yes
Schedule
Full Time
Hours / Pay period
80
Schedule details
M-F, daytime hours
100% remote role; employee can work from anywhere in the U.S.
Weekend schedule
NA
Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.
Category
Administration, Business, Finance, IT and Engineering
Job posting number
152239BR
Recruiter
Laura Percival
Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
Email"
80	30+ days ago	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Principal Product Manager - AWS Machine Learning Marketplace	"10+ years of experience in product management building web services and multi-tier systems
Experience using problem solving and analytical skills to solve business problems
Demonstrated ability to engage and influence senior executives
Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and prioritizatino

Passionate about helping customers simplify and accelerate their machine learning workloads on AWS and Sagemaker? Come join the AWS Machine Learning Marketplace team and help us build the future of ML.

You'll work alongside engineers and leaders in both AWS Marketplace and Sagemaker. You will have deep understanding and experience building Machine Learning models and how to apply them in practice. You will invent new ways for sellers to package IP and enable buyers with the right capabilities to evaluate, experiment, re-train and integrate machine learning into their systems.

As a Principal Product Manager you'll be responsible for defining the product strategy, working with stakeholders to create consensus on product vision, define the product roadmap to meet customers needs and innovate on their behalf, define the detailed customer experience for new features, and be responsible for growing this new business.

You will own the definition, execution, and delivery of new features and services. Your responsibilities will include engaging with existing buyers, sellers, channel partners, and internal AWS service teams. You will have to identify requirements, defining product features, and work closely with development teams to deliver those features, including defining our pricing and go-to-market strategies. Successful applicants will have experience defining products, leading cross-functional teams, and communicating to a large number of stakeholders.

Successful candidates will possess proven product and project management skills, and will demonstrate experience managing large products and projects. You are expected to be versatile and able to thrive in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment. You are not hindered by managing priorities and are able to bring order to ambiguous scenarios. Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence are essential to success in this role. You will be data-driven. You can clearly & effectively communicate (written as well as verbally) across the org and up to senior teams.

On this team, you’ll get to wear many hats, work fast and smart, and iterate quickly. We are looking for someone who is ready to take ownership of a growing business opportunity and join a tightly-knit team tackling a very interesting and challenging opportunity.

Mentorship and Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new team members. Our team has a broad mix of experience levels and Amazon tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our PMs truly enjoy mentoring and on-boarding new team members through one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, doc reviews.We care about your career growth. We try to assign projects and tasks based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded PM and enable them to take on more complex features and services in the future.

Work/Life Balance
Our team is focused on balancing life with work, and does this via work autonomy and by prioritizing solutions and processes that enable us to scale faster than the business. Our team is mostly located in both NYC and Seattle offices, but we’re flexible when people need to work from home.

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Come join us to Work Hard, Have Fun, and Make History!


MBA or advanced degree
Strong ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate across multiple senior teams
Experience managing cross-functional teams to deliver products and projects on tight deadlines and proven ability to manage multiple, priorities simultaneously
Background related to machine learning or data science
Experience talking with developers in their own language to come to the best solution from the beginning (hobby or professional coding experience in any language)
Verbal and written communications skills, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organization"
81	10 days ago	SAP	Senior Design Lead - AI Applications	"Requisition ID: 286697
Work Area: Software-Design and Development
Expected Travel: 0 - 10%
Career Status: Professional
Employment Type: Regular Full Time
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.
PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES
SAP Design is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers. We care deeply about the people who use our products, and the SAP Design team plays an integral part in gathering insights about their attitudes, emotions, and behaviors to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them and for SAP’s businesses.
As a Senior Design Lead, AI Applications you are responsible for AI-enabled solutions that assist our customers in making more informed and data-driven decisions about how to manage their business. You will be a design leader within SAP Design and will help mentor and enable a cross-disciplinary team to deliver great end-to-end customer experiences.
ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Enable, drive, and lead the design team by managing project tasks and deliverables using agile methodologies.
Shape the strategy by setting high-level design goals to ensure a consistent and engaging experience.
Analyze complexity, simplify workflows, and identify the right problems to solve.
Drive alignment by collaborating with designers, developers, marketers, and product managers to drive a shared understanding of user’s needs and behaviors.
Translate research into outstanding user experiences, steward design from concept to final code.
Create key UX artifacts such as concept maps, storyboards, taxonomies, prototypes, patterns, information architecture, workflows, and design specifications.
Develop and playback interaction concepts to the larger team and be able to clearly defend design choices through employing prototypes at different fidelities to communicate design intent.
Identify new components, patterns, and templates to incorporate into the design standards, ensuring organizational consistency.
Review designs of the multi-skilled design team, improving the work while growing the designers.
Foster a team culture of diversity and transparent collaboration.
Lead team stand-ups & playbacks and present design work as part of a compelling narrative to elicit buy-in from cross-disciplinary stakeholders.
Advocate and facilitate human centered design in everyday work and client meetings.
WORK EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS
Portfolio of previous work must be presented incorporating UI designs and/or sketches that demonstrate an understanding of wireframing, interaction design, visual design, and design best practices.
At least 7 years of experience in solving complex user problems through user interface design, creating mock-ups and prototypes (low- and high- fidelity), as well as documenting interaction patterns for product UI.
Experience with creating user scenarios for usability testing, analysis of industry trends, task analysis, workflow design, layout & composition, and reporting conclusions in well-developed documents.
Experience with design tools (Sketch, Figma, or Adobe Creative Cloud).
Strong communication, storytelling, and documentation skills.
Experience leading a team towards the successful delivery of high-quality designs to market.
Experience in enterprise software design and delivery is preferable.
Familiarity with visual authoring tools used by software developers or mechanical, electrical, chemical, or civil engineers such as Visual Studio or Mathworks Simulink is preferable.
Familiarity with Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, or Simulations is a plus.
Experience with ROS, drones, or other hardware hacking is a plus.
Experience working alongside an agile software development team, including use of project management software and integration with scrum, agile etc. is a plus.
LOCATION
Remote/Virtual US
#SAPUXDesignCareers
WHAT YOU GET FROM US
Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.
A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.
SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT
To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.
SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
Additional Locations: Virtual - USA"
82	30+ days ago	Cognizant Technology Solutions	AI & Analytics Senior Data Engineer	"We are Cognizant Artificial Intelligence

AI and analytics give companies a once-in-a-generation opportunity to perform orders of magnitude better than ever before. In order to do so, our clients need new business models built from analyzing dynamically changing customer and business operations data to drive ideal business decisions.

Chances are you're not looking for business as usual. Neither are we. Find out more about our student and entry level opportunities. Cognizant’s AI and Analytics (AIA) Practice has a challenging Data Engineer role.

A New Generation of Cognizant

Cognizant’s Generation Cognizant or “Gen C” program is internally recognized as the future of Cognizant and includes associates that are hired into the company through our campus recruitment channels. This program is designed to be the perfect bridge between academia and the corporate world allowing associates to Start Smart and Think Big. Check out these videos to hear from Current Gen C’ers on what the associate experience is like within Cognizant.

Leadership Commitment

Cognizant leadership has strategically devoted a lot of attention to our Gen C program and fully recognizes these associates as the future of Cognizant. This stems from the investment dollars spent on developing our talent. Gen C AIA associates are introduced to the company culture immediately via a weeklong training program headed by Cognizant Academy. They are then provided around two months of role specific technical training to ensure a successful client placement. At the end of each training cycle, associates attend our Cognizant Graduation Ceremony where they get to interact with some of AIA’s most senior leaders.

AIA Studio Collaboration Center

In order to support our Gen C studio center delivery model, a collaboration hub has been established in Plano, Texas. This collaboration hub or “solution center” acts as the main office for all things Gen C. Associates typically work remotely for their clients from this office. (Note: There are certain cases in which clients request their associates be located onsite therefore this role is considered to be Nationwide). The office is designed to be as collaborative as possible with wide open seating and many white boarding rooms. Associates note that there is always a quiet hum due to the number of innovative conversations going on.

Career Launchpad

With so much innovation and creativity happening in one place, there is bound to be someone that has faced a similar challenge within the building. Instead of spending countless hours furiously trying to understand why your code will not compile, rely on your colleagues as a resource to overcome barriers. Associates are also paired with a mentor within the first month of joining Cognizant. These mentors act as a safety net for the associate to ask questions and seek advice. Mentor relationships are cultivated using our Chronus mentoring tool, ensuring associates get the most out of their relationships.

Responsibilities

A Data Engineer in the AI and Analytics Practice brings relevant context to complex data for business and IT for intelligent systems and human decisioning. They work within the domains of data management, to integrate high-volume, high-variation, and/or high-velocity data to produce answers and enable clients to ask an entirely new class of questions. They will use a variety of tools and techniques to deliver better, faster, and smarter data to some of the world’s most successful businesses – our clients. Specific responsibilities include:

Build and deliver data pipelines to store data in a way that is accessible, performant, secure, and sustainable

Prototype solutions, prepare test scripts, and conduct tests for data replication, extraction, loading, cleansing, and data modeling for data warehouses

Review and validate data loaded into data lakes/warehouses for accuracy

Develop proofs of concept and evaluate design options to deliver ingestion, search, metadata cataloging and scheduling of data pipelines

Data engineering in line with best practices and Cognizant’s reference architecture

Understand and document technical use case requirements in order to deliver data movement and transformation solutions

Basic Qualifications

Graduate degree in IT-related field and 0-3 years of IT experience

Strong business communication skills (including written and oral)

Programming experience with Python or Java development for modern data engineering

Strong background in relational data models

Exposure in Data Pipelines & SQL / NoSQL (e.g Cassandra, Hbase) and Relational Database management systems

Exposure to implementing PaaS services on public clouds - Azure, AWS OR GCP

Strong problem solving and analytical thinking skills

Distinguishing Qualifications

Full Data lifecycle development experience

Industry experience (financial services, insurance, retail, healthcare, life sciences, communications)

Experience in developing and deploying distributed computing applications using Open Source or cloud native services

Working knowledge of data applications development using Hadoop components (HDFS, HBase, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, etc.)

Exposure to data analytics and data mining tools/applications such as Tableau, QlikSense /QlikView, R or SAS

Exposure to working with SQL, Relational Database Management Systems (e.g., SQL Server, Oracle)

Development workflows (e.g., Microsoft VSTS)

Experience leading teams

Why choose us?

Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired. If you’re comfortable with ambiguity, excited by change, and excel through autonomy, we’d love to hear from you.

Our commitment to you: Working with one of the top Data Science firms, using some of the most advanced and patented evolutionary AI capabilities.

Your innovative thinking and successes will be rewarded with opportunities for career advancement.

You will gain experience across a wide variety of projects and industries with one of the world’s premier Data Science firms.

You can make a difference working with high-profile clients and projects to create meaningful solutions through true collaboration

Due to the nature of this positon Cognizant cannot provide sponsorship for U.S. work authorization (including participation in a CPT/OPT program) for this role.
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Job Posting : Apr 09 2021

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
83	29 days ago	Medidata Solutions	Senior Data Scientist, Sensor Cloud - Open to Remote Work	"Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,400 customers and partners access the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com.
Medidata’s Sensor Cloud team is building capabilities in ingesting, normalizing, and analyzing physiological data collected from wearable sensors and remote devices. This platform hosts embedded analytics that correlate validated biometrics and algorithm outputs to traditional clinical assessments, enabling the discovery of novel biomarkers and digital endpoints.
Your Mission:
As the Senior Data Scientist you are integral in building Sensor Cloud’s analytics capabilities, taking high and low frequency data from various sources, developing models and delivering outputs. You will design, implement, and test algorithms that will run on our Sensor Cloud analytics platform. You are a seasoned data scientist, passionate about seeking insights from longitudinal physiological data from sensors, and will individually contribute the following:
Participate in study design to ensure data set meets modeling needs, i.e. ground truth
Analyze diverse set of physiological data form various sources
Prepare, clean, and filter sensor and clinical data for post processing
Design and build algorithmic models, enhance existing algorithms
Evaluate algorithm performance and lead verification and validation testing
Build models for data aggregation and clinical data correlation analysis
Directly contribute to the discovery of new digital biomarkers, provide evidence, models, and supporting documentation
Manage tools and methods to store, process, and analyze data
Author algorithm specification documents, performance evaluations, support regulatory process
Collaborate with software development to translate algorithm code and insights into product assets
Your Competencies:
Proficient in Python, Matlab
Profound experience in analyzing physiological sensor signals (from sensors and wearable devices), time and frequency domain signal processing
Profound knowledge of statistical and mathematical methods
Experience with AI, machine learning algorithms and tools
Experience with Python tools: Django/Flask, SciPy/Sklearn, numPy/Pandas
Familiarity working in AWS and Spark
Familiarity in setting up and using agile software development, revision control, collaboration, and build tools such as JIRA, Jenkins, Git
Your Education & Experience:
Master’s Degree in Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or quantitative discipline or relevant experience, PhD preferred
10+ years experience with physiological sensor signals, processing, and analysis
Experience working in medical technology, knowledge in biology, medicine, or pharma a plus
Clinical research knowledge or worked in a regulated environment a plus
Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.
Medidata Solutions have powered over 17,000+ clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.
Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

#LI-AS1"
84	30+ days ago	BioTeam Inc.	Senior Data Science Consultant (Remote)	"Do you thrive in creative, innovative, scientific and IT environments? Do you like the challenge of tackling big projects involving data discovery and analytics, machine learning/AI and/or general informatics in the life sciences? Do you like working closely with scientists on enabling their IT needs? Are you a scientist in the field who has met the challenge of translating complex scientific processes into technical solutions? Do you find the convergence of science and IT fascinating? If you answered yes to any of these questions, BioTeam, Inc. has a unique opportunity for you.

BioTeam, Inc. is a growing life sciences consulting company. We have expertise bridging Science and IT, and we have a unique way of providing complete, and forward-thinking solutions to life sciences to help accelerate scientific research. We assess, recommend and implement strategies, technologies, software and systems for our customers that are designed for the direct support of scientific research.

We are a completely virtual organization with employees across the country and also collaborative and fast-paced. We travel domestically and internationally to work with our diverse customer base. This role is based out of your home office, but you must live within in any of the following states: CA, CO, DC, FL, MA, MD, MO, NC, NH, NY, NJ, PA, TN, TX, WA, VA. You must be authorized to work in the United States.
Job Summary
As a Senior Data Science Consultant, you are considered a subject matter expert in Data Science/Informatics. Your work experience in this area is important, as is your fascination for learning as much as you can about Data Science/Informatics. Through your perpetual curiosity, you not only accumulate knowledge, but you are also driven by the pursuit of the solution to a problem. The overall job of the Senior Data Science Consultant is to uphold BioTeam’s mission of empowering science through innovative technology, resulting in significant impacts on science.

The ideal candidate will find deep satisfaction in solving complex data science and informatics challenges for the biomedical and life science organizations. Our engagements result in innovative and unique solutions, so candidates should have a deep sense of curiosity and the desire to learn about “bleeding-edge” advances in both technology and life science. The ideal candidate for the Senior Data Science Consultant will demonstrate a passion for delivering objective, technology neutral solutions to life science researchers. Whether you started your career in IT or in science and then became interested in the other, you thrive on the latest breakthroughs. Client problems can be solved in a number of ways, and it is the job of the Senior Data Science Consultant to act as a master puzzle solver and determine, after careful assessment of the clients’ needs, whether to offer a mix of core services or to create a custom solution.
Key Responsibilities
Data Science/Informatics Expertise
Provide thought leadership to the industry in the form of blog postings, whitepapers, and speaking engagements
Help clients understand their data flows and needs, and define their data strategy
Test and benchmark tools, pipelines, and systems
Translate scientific requirements to help drive and influence IT decisions
Build and deploy AI/ML and Informatics workflows and pipelines
Service Delivery
Act as a Data Science/Informatics subject matter expert to provide day-to-day project coordination, planning and implementation of multiple projects
Lead or participate in the drafting of project proposals and manage the lifecycle of internal and client document review until the proposal is approved
As a technical project lead, be responsible for keeping projects on time and on budget
Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility
Provide internal status reports
Troubleshoot variety of issues and collaborate with team members on solutions
Ensure successful delivery of solutions that meet client expectations
Client Engagement
Act as the technical point of contact for clients during the implementation and execution of a project
Participate in initial tech review calls and clarify specific requirements of each project
Communicate with client on regular basis with weekly calls and status reports
Team Leadership
Work with consulting group to determine necessary resources for each project
Lead team members on a project through all stages of each project
Background and Experience
College degree from an accredited university; Masters or PhD in Biology, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, or Biochemistry preferred or a combination of education and experience
Minimum 10 years of experience as a Data Scientist using technology such as machine learning/AI and generalized Informatics
Must have experience in a life sciences setting with focused experience in data discovery and analytics
Proficient with Python and R statistical languages
Experience as a Project/Technical/Team Lead managing a team through project work is highly desired
Passion for technology and science with a desire to stay up to date on the state-of-the-art in your field
Demonstrated ability to build rapport with both external clients and internal team members
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including ability to clearly communicate technical requirements to non-technical people
Proactive and innovative, with ability to think ahead of problems
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Able to adapt to change quickly
Cognitive thinking skills that can assess and adapt to the various needs of a diverse stakeholder population
Excellent, organizational, management, and time management skills, exceptional follow-through, and ability to juggle multiple priorities while keeping projects moving forward
Experience and desire to work remotely with approximately 25% overnight travel
Highly developed sense of integrity and commitment to operational excellence
Must be currently authorized to work in the United States and have or be able to qualify for government and customer security clearance
Benefits
BioTeam offers a highly competitive employee compensation and benefits package, including generous base salary, medical and dental plans, dental and vision plans, life and disability coverage and a 401(k) plan with employer contributions.

Work Environment
This job operates in a home office environment, as well as at client locations. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets, and fax machines.

Physical Demands
This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to move files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand as necessary.

The Company does not seek salary history information from applicants. The Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, alienage or national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, arrest record or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws."
85	30+ days ago	Plum Lending	Senior Machine Learning Java Engineer (Remote - US based)	"Senior Machine Learning Engineer
JOB SUMMARY
We are looking for a data-driven problem solver who can automatically discover and extract information from multiple data sources and who enjoys working with new data science technologies. The senior machine learning engineer will work to recognize patterns and productize your solutions and techniques for integration into our products and our processes. You will have a high degree of authority and autonomy, be capable of managing multiple high-priority tasks in a timely manner, and collaborate across the business. A successful machine learning engineer at Plum needs to be innovative, detail-oriented, team-focused, strategic and effective in new and changing environments.

We are looking for the candidate to start immediately.
Plum employees work full time from their US based home.
RESPONSIBILITIES
 Participate heavily in architecture, design and implementation of machine learning pipelines Develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices and other issues. Development of data-driven products. Visualize and communicate data clearly for use both internally and externally. Collaborate with our engineers to produce excellent products for Plum clients as well as streamline internal processes.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline 2+ years of production-level machine learning model deployment Experience in working with big data technologies Spark, MapReduce, NoSQL databases Experience with AWS infrastructure such as EC2, S3 and Glue Hands-on Industry experience with machine learning frameworks like SageMaker, TensorFlow High proficiency in Java Knowledge of both neural networks and traditional ML techniques Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau An entrepreneurial spirit as well as passion for solving difficult challenges through innovation and creativity, with a strong focus on results Conscientious and well organized Eager to produce results and drive forward progress while managing deadlines

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Experience in working with graph database such as TigerGraph or Neo4j Have worked in a fast paced startup environment Experience with finance technology/analytics and commercial real estate

BENEFITS Early equity in a startup that is revolutionizing commercial real estate lending.
Fully Remote Role Generous health, dental and vision coverage for employees and family members, along with commuter pre-tax program. Unlimited vacation policy. Opportunity to make a meaningful impact on the disruption of an industry and to shape the building of a company and culture. Chance for your direct input to be realized and put into action. Freedom to stretch the boundaries of your past work experience, learn skills outside of your immediate job description and grow your career. Autonomy, flexibility and a flat corporate structure.

ABOUT PLUM
Plum is leading the transformation of commercial real estate lending through innovative and breakthrough technology, pioneering the fintech revolution within the $3.3 trillion CRE loan market. We deliver to our clients expedited execution, improved transaction visibility and an unparalleled client experience.
The team includes former senior level executives and talent from Wells Fargo, KKR, Starwood Capital, Goldman Sachs and AMD. We have extensive experience with CRE sourcing, underwriting and funding processes, as well as deep networks of institutional financing channels. The team has a combined 75 years of CRE lending experience in the U.S. with deal volume totaling over $50 billion, and team members have sourced and underwritten 1,570 CRE loans across virtually all property types and geographic markets. Our founder and CEO, Bill Fisher, has had decades of experience building successful startup businesses including GetSmart.com, Xing and Trivago.
In August 2015 Plum secured our Series A funding led by Renren Inc., who has built an exceptional record of backing fintech companies including SoFi, LendingHome and Motif Investing. Renren’s decision follows an earlier seed investment by QED Investors, a pre-eminent VC firm led by the founders of Capital One, whose portfolio includes Prosper, Orchard and ApplePie Capital.
We are an early stage, high growth company with endless opportunities for advancement for individuals that are driven to deliver tangible results and do whatever it takes to move Plum forward. We seek to build Plum into a new national financial services brand as well as a fantastic place to come to work.

Must be authorized to work in the US. Plum does not sponsor employee visas."
86	30+ days ago	Medidata Solutions	Sr. Data Science Engineer (Clinical data, SAS, R, Python) - Remote	"Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation.
Your Mission:
Power smarter treatments and healthier people with innovative data analytic applications.
Develop innovative applications and data flows to extract, assess, integrate, transform, clean, analyze and visualize datasets for complex analytics and statistical modeling.
Create automated data flows for research and production settings with data science engineering best practices, transparency, and scalability.
Solve complex business questions where situations or data require in-depth evaluation of variable factors.
Assess analytical data sources, conduct hands-on exploration to determine their value, and make them available enterprise-wide.
Collaborate with data engineers, data scientists, software engineers, business leaders and cross-functional stakeholders to implement data science engineering solutions based on business priorities and technology initiatives.
Your Competencies:
Advanced skills in clinical data integration (EDC and/or RWE) across Compounds and Therapeutic Areas utilizing CDISC methods and standards
Hands-on experience in the latest breed of software including SAS, R, Python, SQL.
Familiarity with statistical concepts and experience supporting complex predictive model builds and implementations of applications.
Ability to read protocols, explore clinical datasets and make sophisticated judgments about meaning of, and patterns in, data.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with all levels of data science engineering technology personnel and senior leadership.
Good documentation, communication, analytical and interpersonal skills.
Clear, concise communication abilities – writing, verbal, presentation – to all levels of technical and non-technical audiences.
Entrepreneurial spirit and commitment to creating rigorous, high-quality insights from data, at scale.
Your Education & Experience:
Undergraduate degree in a science or technical field. Masters or PhD degree is a plus.
3+ years professional experience working with EDC and/or RWE data from variety of clinical trials
Requires experience with R programming
Requires strong skills in SAS base and macros.
Prefer having SQL and Python programming experience
Prefer having cloud computing technologies (AWS) experience.
Prefer experience with clinical data from multiple sponsors (eg: consulting to multiple sponsors or working at multiple pharmaceutical companies).
EEO Statement
US:
Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

#LI-AS1"
