	postdate	company	title	description
0	Today	Bolt	Human Resources, Business Partner	"At Bolt, our People Team takes care of our most important asset, our teammates. As we are growing and scaling as a company, we are looking for a Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) that has a deep sense of empathy and understanding for the needs of diverse groups of people. By partnering with the teams at all levels, you will help envision, develop, and execute on people strategies that support their growth, performance, and future objectives. The ideal candidate for this role should have excellent communication skills, adept interpersonal skills, as well as strong organizational skills. We’re looking for an HRBP that is driven to improve HR initiatives, promote diversity, enhance team morale, exemplify good HR practices, and retain our talented team. This role reports to our Director of Employee Experience.
We're open to hiring in the following states: California, Utah, New York, Maryland, Texas, Maine, Washington, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Georgia, Florida, Colorado, and Nevada.
Responsibilities:
Serve as a trusted resource for teammate concerns and employee relations issues. Conduct investigations in response to teammate complaints, and assist in conflict resolution.
Build and maintain relationships, as well as deliver appropriate coaching and development feedback to managers and teammates. Mentor and support managers on employee development best practice to maximize team efficiencies and overall employee experience.
Advise and support managers through terminations, and conduct exit interviews.
Work to enhance all phases of the employee lifecycle, and foster a culture of continuous improvement through performance management.
Act as a utility player within the People team.
Champion a diverse workforce.
Partner effectively with other cross-functional teams such as Talent, Finance, Comms, and Executive teams.
Requirements:
5+ years of HR experience.
Adept with performance management and investigations.
Ability to establish relationships and partnerships (internal and external) at all levels of the organization.
Strong coaching, conflict resolution, relationship and team building skills, and demonstrated the ability to influence.
Demonstration of experience in all HR competencies with expertise in at least one of the following: org design, coaching, recognition programs, talent management, communications, L&D, or change management.
You have a passion for and work to increase diversity & representation in Tech.
You are curious and collaborative. You’re an avid learner, praised by others for your drive to ask exceptional questions.
You bring levity to decompress tense situations, are persistent in getting to the root of problems (and build solutions that solve them).
Experience with onboarding and orientation programs.
Basic knowledge of employment and labor laws.
High attention to detail, well organized; an ability to handle multiple tasks, set priorities and build scaling programs in an ambiguous, fast-paced, high-growth startup.
Experience with HR/Recruitment systems.
Benefits:
Comprehensive health coverage: Medical, dental and vision
Retirement plans
Flexible PTO
Paid parental leave
Cell & Wifi stipend
Work from home stipend
Wellness stipend
Competitive Pay
Virtual team events
Bolt is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know."
1	Today	Zotec Partners	Learning and Development Specialist	"At Zotec Partners, our People make it happen.
Transforming the healthcare industry isn’t easy. But when you build a team like the one we have, that goal can become a reality. Our accomplishments can’t happen without our extraordinary people – the men and women across the country who make up our diverse Zotec family and help make this company a best place to work.
Over 20 years ago, we started Zotec with a clear vision, to partner with physicians to simplify the business of healthcare. Today we are almost 900 employees strong and we continue to use our incredible talent and energy to bring that vision to life. We are a team of Innovators, Collaborators and Doers.
We’re seeking a Learning & Talent Development Specialist to join us.

The Learning & Talent Development Specialist is an integral part of Zotec Partners Learning and Talent Development team. In this position, you design, deliver and curate learning resources for team members globally. You collaborate with team members, leaders, HR partners and other business stakeholders across the organization to consult on and deliver exceptional learning materials and experiences. This role requires a high degree of independent problem solving, excellent communication skills, and a client-first approach.
What you'll do:
Manage and support learning and development resources (e.g., SharePoint Career & Learning portals, Cornerstone Learning Management System, online course content & other online tools)
Manage relationships with external and internal partners to generate enthusiasm for learning resources
Align online content with other learning and development initiatives
Evaluate resources to ensure we are meeting our customers’ needs
Maintain and improve dashboard/metrics to enhance enterprise metric tracking
Analyze data around learning activities to make operational and strategic recommendations
Contribute to the improvement and access to program documentation and materials (e.g. participant guides, trainer guides, visual aids, checklists, quick reference guides, job aids, and other documentation)
Partner with the Human Resources and Communication teams to manage logistics and communications for learning programs to deliver exceptional learning experiences
Consistently brainstorm ways we can improve the quality, efficiency, and scalability of our programming (i.e., automating processes, templating communications, etc.)
Identify metrics and indicators to evaluate the effectiveness, success and value of educational offerings
Provide operational and technical support of learning delivery platforms to leverage digital tools and engage learners
Utilize the existing learning & development resources, and explore alternatives for other resources, to enhance and improve participant’s pre- and post-class learning retention
What you'll bring to Zotec:
You are naturally curious, love learning new things, hardworking and are enthusiastic in sharing knowledge with your team
You possess a strong sense of urgency in driving projects to completion
You have experience with learning and knowledge management tools and software (e.g. SharePoint, Cornerstone, etc.)
You understand learning technology, learning metrics, and how to support learning initiatives through data collection and sharing
You have exceptional writing and editing skills
You ask questions and manage input from multiple stakeholders to provide potential solutions when there is uncertainty
You are collaborative and have a team player attitude with a strong focus on delivering for impact
You can pivot and remain agile in a rapidly evolving environment
You want to share a portfolio or samples of work with us
We are passionate about empowering our employees to be extraordinary – and they continue to come through. So, if you are an Innovator, Collaborator and Doer, then welcome home.

Learn more about our organization, by visiting us at www.zotecpartners.com
E-Verify and Equal Opportunity Employer"
2	30+ days ago	CSU - Global Campus	Fully Remote Organizational Development & Training Specialist	"Overview
The Organization Development (OD) and Training Specialist position elevates the knowledge, skills, and abilities for organizational contributors at all levels. Utilizing expertise in online training development through technology tools and platforms, the Specialist provides job skill, area-specific, and organizational-wide training courses and programs to university staff members and stakeholders. In the role, the Specialist will work with CSU Global senior leadership to facilitate increased department success and stakeholder engagement to help achieve university strategic business goals and operational objectives. Specifically, the Specialist will work to identify, create, evaluate, and oversee training and professional development needs for the successful tenure of high-performing employees and other CSU Global stakeholders. The Specialist will contribute his or her passion for human development, and goal achievement, and proven abilities in clear communication, coaching, strategic-thinking, career success, and accountability.
Responsibilities
OUR MISSION & VALUES
Colorado State University Global is committed to advancing student academic and professional success in a global society, by providing access to dynamic education characterized by excellence, innovative delivery technologies, industry relevance, and strong stakeholder engagement. We set the standard for quality and innovation in higher education because of our core values. Our values make an impact.
Innovative Thinking: We identify opportunities to facilitate student and CSU Global success through the execution of transformative industry methods and progressive solutions that are effective, efficient, and innovative.
Mission Focused: We drive student success in a global society through education, services, guidance, and experience.
Professional Development: We are a learning organization that is always evolving and are committed to the professional development of our faculty, staff, and students.
Accountability: We take ownership of performance across all levels and functions of the organization creating an excellent stakeholder experience.
Care: We engage with care in all that we do, creating an inclusive environment to ensure that we are treating each person as an individual and respecting the needs and wants of staff, faculty, and students.
Teamwork: We don't just talk about teamwork; we exhibit it in the way that we interact, collaborate, consult each other, resolve issues, and respect each other's contributions.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIESDrawing on a strong background in organization culture and career development expertise, conduct needs assessments for training and staff development to enhance the effectiveness of employee and learner performance in achieving the goals and objectives of the university.Partner with department heads and stakeholders to identify and provide solutions to training, educational and professional needs towards the success and tenure of high-performing employees and other CSU Global stakeholders.Creates strategic learning strategies that align organizational, department, and individual goals with employee and learner capacity needs.Identifies/incorporates best practices based on institutional data, research, and lessons learned to design, support & coordinate training programs using different formats (classroom, demonstrations, coaching, and online learning).Provides effective training to all levels of employees and learners regarding topics that include but are not limited to policies and procedures, problem-solving, effective communication, de-escalation techniques, overcoming objections, and conflict resolution.Designs, develops, and continually improves department training programs for management and employees leading to direct achievement of goals and improved outcomes.Designs and Develops training content and courses through various technologies that include but are not limited to RISE Articulate 360 and Storyline, to create effective and engaging training material including voice-over within content to meet employee and learner needs.
Maintain and improve training resources including training courses, materials and knowledge base system(s).Conduct evaluations on delivered training.Manage contracted training vendors.Facilitate and manage new hire orientation process for staff and faculty as needed for all university areas.Develop and deliver training, maintaining clear and accurate documentation, and working interdepartmentally to assist with clarity of policies and processes across the university.
Other duties as assigned.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIESNone.
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIESKnowledge of eLearning authoring and course development tools.
Education and Training — Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects.
English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.Customer and Personal Service — Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.Administration and Management — Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.Personnel and Human Resources — Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems.Instructing — Teaching others how to do something.
Learning Strategies — Selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things.
Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.
Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.
Monitoring — Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action.Oral Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.Oral Comprehension — The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.Speech Clarity — The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.Written Comprehension — The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.Written Expression — the ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand.
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTSLess than 10% required.
PHYSICAL DEMANDSWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, use hands to touch, handle or feel, and talk or hear.The employee is occasionally required to sit, reach with hands and arms.Ability to spend long durations of the workday in front of a computer monitor.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and ability to adjust focus.The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 15 pounds.
Qualifications
QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION & EXPERIENCEBachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited university required.Minimum three years of experience in corporate training providing learning programs to employees at multiple levels.Experience using eLearning authoring and course development tools similar to RISE Articulate 360 and Storyline.
Additional Information
TOTAL COMPENSATION:
CSU Global offers employer contributions to medical, dental, group life, AD&D coverage, Wellness benefit and training & development opportunities. Additional employee-paid benefits are available for vision, FSA/HSA, voluntary life, and voluntary AD&D coverage, critical illness and accident insurance. CSU Global also offers a 401a retirement account with a generous employer match, 100% tuition assistance for CSU Global programs (Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees), paid sick time, paid vacation time, and 10 holidays per year. CSU Global employees are state employees and have access to the Colorado State Employee Assistance Program (C-SEAP) resources. Discounted pet insurance is also available.
Salary:$48,000 – $58,000
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Applicants who advance through the hiring process will be asked to participate in the following: a pre-recorded video, job skills demonstration, and live interview(s) through video or in-person. The candidate appointed to the role(s)will be asked to complete and pass a background check. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation under the terms of the American with Disabilities Act and certain state and local laws. If you require an accommodation to CSU Global’s hiring process, please respond email StaffRecruiting@csuglobal.edu or call us at 303-515-6164.
Colorado State University System is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and complies with all Federal and Colorado State laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding affirmative action requirements. In order to assist Colorado State University System in meeting its affirmative action responsibilities, ethnic minorities, women, and other protected class members are encouraged to apply and to also identify themselves."
3	8 days ago	AM Trace LLC	HR Specialist- Remote	"Overview:

AM Trace is growing by leaps and bounds and we are looking for a skilled HR Specialist to join our team. We have hired over 500 people in 2020 and are poised for additional growth into
2021.
This critical role will help shape the employee experience for AM Trace from the ground up. You will be supporting the onboarding process, ensuring that new employees have everything they need to succeed in the first 30 days and beyond. You will also provide Tier 1 responses to all manner of HR questions, exercising judgement and discretion and demonstrating prompt and
courteous customer service at all times.
Responsibilities:
Support employees through the employee life cycle, including onboarding, employee relations, compliance and policy implementation, benefit selection and design, HR project management and other HR specialist duties
Reviews, tracks, and documents compliance with mandatory and non-mandatory training.
Performs routine tasks required to administer and execute human resource programs including but not limited to compensation, benefits, and leave; disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; performance and talent management; productivity, recognition, and morale; occupational health and safety; and training and development.
Handles employment-related inquiries from applicants, employees, and supervisors, referring complex and/or sensitive matters to the appropriate staff.
Maintains compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, and recommended best practices.
Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law.
Review and update company policies as necessary to comply with changing laws and precedents, help employees and managers to interpret and apply company policy.
Provide Tier 1 responses to all types of HR/employee questions, utilizing a generalist body of knowledge and familiarity with AM Trace’s own policies and practices.

Qualifications:

Education Qualifications:
College degree or a similar combination of education and work experience is preferred.
AHR or PHR preferred
General Qualifications:
2-4 years of prior HR experience, preferably in a high growth organization.
Must demonstrate ownership of projects, excellent research skills, and spirit of continuous improvement.
Must have intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office, with a special focus on Excel, must have the ability to deal with large data sets.
Demonstrated high level of attention to detail, extremely organized and highly reliable.
Familiarity with employment laws is highly desired.
Previous experience using ADP preferred.
Technology Qualifications:
PC with Windows 10 or Mac with Mac OS 10.15 or newer
Antivirus Protection: Windows Defender and Windows Firewall, for Mac Antivirus Protection: Sophos
Personal mobile device
A headset is recommended
Must have a quiet, dedicated workspace
User provided home high-speed network connection
Note: Due to the high volume of applicants, we may be unable to respond to telephone or email inquiries, but we are reviewing and considering all applications in the order in which they were submitted on a rolling basis."
4	2 days ago	Energi Core Limited	HR Assistant	"DESCRIPTION
About Energi
Energi (NRG) is a next-generation Proof of Stake (PoS) cryptocurrency, combining Ethereum-compatible smart contracts with on-chain governance, a self-funding treasury, and a layer 2 masternode network, enabling powerful DeFi applications.
We are a fully remote company with no fixed headquarters. The team is spread throughout the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Oceania. With more than 90 contributors, the team forms a well-linked network across a variety of locations, lifestyles, and backgrounds.
Energi's culture is driven by integrity, strategic thinking, leadership, and the shared desire to perform at our peak. While our differences make us adaptable and versatile, it's our shared values that give us the strength and drive to become the cryptocurrency for world consciousness.
What’s in It for You?
Work flexible hours from anywhere and be part of a team that is driven by strong values and a clear shared vision
Directly shape the future of a completely new model for cryptocurrency and blockchain applications
Challenge your skills and push your creative limits working with the latest blockchain technologies & systems
Play an active role in one of the most significant technological innovations in human history
Receive a competitive salary paid in a combination of BTC and NRG
What we’re looking for
We are looking for a detail-oriented HR Assistant who has excellent organizational skills and is able to assist with the administration of the day-to-day operations of the HR Department
To be an ideal candidate, you should be comfortable working autonomously and efficiently with a focus on details and speed
﻿
﻿What You Will Do
Provide clerical and administrative support to HR
Manage and coordinate background investigations for all new hires by verifying identity, education, and previous employment in a timely manner
Read and synthesize detailed, complex written materials to prepare reports on findings and make recommendations to HR and hiring managers regarding eligibility for hire
Onboarding of new hires and offboarding of contractors efficiently
Communicate effectively with tact and cultural sensitivity when dealing with coworkers, management, and candidates
Welcome new employees to the organization by conducting orientation
Maintains contractor records and information on various systems
Compile and maintain updated records and information of each contractor
Provide support to people in the organization in relation to HR questions and issues
Maintain employee confidence and protect operations by keeping human resource information confidential

REQUIREMENTS
Essential Requirements
Minimum of 4 years experience as an HR Assistant, Staff Assistant, and/or a relevant administrative position. Salary will be dependent on level and relevancy of experience
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Good problem-solving skills
Strong communication skills
Self-driven with the ability to deliver results with minimal supervision
Fluent English communicator
Passionate and up-to-date on the rapidly changing world of blockchain technology.
Values aligned with the Energi culture and values
Nice to Have
Project management experience
Certificate or diploma in HR or related field
Hands-on experience with HRIS or HRMS System
Familiarity with ATS software
This role is not open to 3rd party organizations or agencies. Any candidates sent will be considered free of any charges
Energi is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics."
5	16 days ago	MAXIMUS	Leave and Accommodation Specialist - Remote	"Essential Job Duties (Text Only): Please note: The hours for this remote position are 11:30 am - 8:30 pm Eastern time. Job Description Summary WD USA:

The MAXIMUS Accommodations & Leaves Team (MALT), is the centralized point of contact for employee, HR Representative and Management inquiries about the accommodations and leave program. The MALT will perform in a high volume, contact center environment and provide support for all employees. As a member of MALT, this role is responsible for the successful day-to-day support and execution of the Leave of Absence and Job Accommodation processes. The incumbent will engage in the administration of leaves and disability accommodations in accordance with applicable laws, lead the interactive process under the ADA, and make recommendations to HR and Management regarding accommodations (leave and on-the-job). The incumbent will also serve as the subject matter expert for FMLA, ADA accommodations, and all other Leaves of Absence (LOAs).
Â Job Summary:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Support the MAXIMUS Accomodations and Leave Team's (MALT) high-volume contact center through its full cycle of initial requests by engaging in the employee’s submission of medical support documentation, follow up, review of documentation to ensure compliance, collaboration with local HR and management to discuss leave or accommodation options, and communication of leaves and medical accommodation outcomes to the required parties.Conduct and document initial intake calls with employees regarding accommodations and leaves program.Engage in an interactive dialog with the employee, local HR and management regarding the program.Exhibit strong customer service, problem solving and creative thinking skills.Educate and guide employees on the types of leave offered by MAXIMUS, statutorily or federally mandated, to ensure awareness and understanding of the process and responsibilities on behalf of the employee.Process leave and accommodation requests by engaging in an interactive dialog with the employee to better understand their needs and medical requirements.Document all aspects of interaction with the employee, local HR Representative and management in the system of record to ensure proper reporting, review, compliance and audit.Analyze essential job functions as compared to restrictions; develop recommendations for HR and management regarding on-the-job accommodations; collaborate with local HR and management regarding reaching a final determination to grant or deny an accommodation.Consult with Risk Management (workers comp), Labor and legal counsel as necessary.Review and analyze employee return to work documentation and engage in interactive process regarding return to work restrictions. This includes analyzing essential job functions as compared to restrictions, developing recommendations for HR and management regarding return-to-work (RTW) accommodations, and determining final decision whether to grant or deny accommodation.Forward escalated issues, from employee requests related to the program, to management.Collaborate in the resolution of issues escalated from third party STD/LTD providers on employee applications for benefits with management.Respond to all employee, local HR Representative and management requests in a timely and accurate manner.Serve as subject matter expert to employees and managers regarding the LOA process, ADA job accommodations, and status.Run and analyze, reports and data received from vendors regarding status of an employee’s leaves and communicate regarding leave-end return to work plans with employees and managers; analyze and prepare reports as requested by manager, identify areas of improvement and patterns.Handle all information, calls and requests with the utmost professionalism and confidentiality to ensure compliance with HIPAA regulations.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education, technical training or work experience considered in lieu of degree.3+ years of experience in Human Resources, including experience with various leaves programs and ADA job accommodations.Strong working knowledge of ADA/ADAAA, FMLA, USERRA and similar state and local laws.Excellent customer service skills.Strong negotiation/influencing skills.Strong problem-solving skills.Strong oral and written communication skills required.Strong analytical and organizational skills required.Proficiency in Word, Excel and Access required.Independent problem-solving skills.
Project/Position Introduction (MAX 500 Characters): Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status."
6	23 days ago	Clarify Health Solutions.	Talent Coordinator	"Our Mission
We are on a mission to change healthcare by deliberately bringing together healthcare experience, Silicon Valley big data software engineering, and cutting-edge data science. Clarify Health's enterprise analytics platform empowers providers, payers, and life sciences companies to deliver better care to patients through actionable insights. With industry-leading statistical modeling and machine learning, Clarify Health harnesses the power of the most comprehensive longitudinal dataset in the US by linking clinical, claims, prescription, lab, and social determinants of health data across over 300 million lives.

We came together to empower physicians and care teams to deliver great care. We are a passionate group of professionals dedicated to making healthcare better. We are a purpose-driven team bringing our vision of better care to life.

*Please note, while this job is listed as remote, we can only employ in the following states: CA, CO, DC, MN, NJ, OR, TX, MA, NV, ID, NY, ND, SC, NH, MT, HI, WI, FL, AZ, UT, IL, TN, WA, GA, MI, MO and CT. If your state is not listed, we cannot move forward with your application. *

Clarify is looking for Talent Coordinator to focus on the scheduling and flow of candidates through the recruitment process. This role requires a proactive problem solver and critical thinker who is able to work closely with the recruiting team to ensure candidates have a seamless and enjoyable interview experience. This person will also have the opportunity to flex into other areas of the People team to assist with projects as needed.
Does this sound like you? You have an enthusiastic, energetic personality; inquiring, investigative mind. You’re a proactive problem solver You’re a people person and love engaging with candidates You value working with curious and supportive teammates. You embrace change as an opportunity to learn. You believe diversity of thought improves our outcomes. You are organized and take great care in the details.
The Role
Timely scheduling of all interviews to include phone screens, Zoom interviews as well as any necessary follow up conversations
Utilize LinkedIn to source for passive candidates for roles across all departments (sales, tech, G&A, etc)
Oversee and ensure accuracy in ATS, process all active candidates and maintain up-to-date documentation of daily interview activity
Manage quick and accurate communication with candidates and the hiring team
Maintain accurate and timely communication with recruiting team, highlighting relevant pipeline activity and proactively call out any potential scheduling issues
Act as a consistent point of contact for all candidates, independently managing communications and serving as the first Clarify touchpoint during interviews
Proactively manage accurate job postings in our internal ATS, the Clarify website and other professional job boards
What we are looking for
We are always looking for new team members who will add to our culture and have a strong passion for impact. In particular, the Talent Coordinator will have:
 Administrative support experience in recruiting or related area
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc).
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excellent prioritization and time management skills
Ability to proactively problem solve and considers themselves a critical thinker
Ability to operate effectively within an ambiguous and changing environment
Ability to build stable, collaborative and working relationships
A spirit of curiosity and desire to learn and grow
Experience in Lever a plus
What we offer you
Competitive salary ($70-80k commensurate with experience)
Quality health insurance
Traditional 401K plan
Vision, dental, disability and life insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts and Commuter Benefits
Generous PTO
Flexibility
Monthly wellness stipend
Remote friendly
A collaborative workplace, which will challenge you and celebrate your work
A chance to learn with and from interesting and enthusiastic colleagues
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
7	5 days ago	SAP	Inclusive Design - Training and Development Specialist	"Requisition ID: 287015
Work Area: Software-Design and Development
Expected Travel: 0 - 10%
Career Status: Professional
Employment Type: Regular Full Time
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.
PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES
The SAP User Experience team defines how our users enjoy the interaction with our products. An intuitive and accessible operation across our product portfolio is a key priority for SAP. We are now looking for you as a passionate Training and Development Specialist to join us in thriving for a best-in-class inclusive enterprise UX.
As a Training and Development Specialist, you develop Digital Accessibility and Inclusive Design learning content for our inclusive workforce. You have deep expertise in educating people entertainingly and efficiently, following the latest education trends. You know how to share content that respects different levels of expertise and roles. You create a learning experience that respects the daily routine of our design and development community. You bring together theoretical basics and hands-on exercises to help our people apply their learnings to their tasks. You are curious to analyze the latest learning innovations and continuously enhance existing learning content by the newest accessibility evolutions. You have a deep understanding of accessibility and inclusive design, and product design and development routines. You know the latest trends for learnings, learning platforms, and content management systems.
You enjoy your work and feel responsible for the topics you drive end to end. You can translate strategic discussions into tangible projects, goals, and initiatives for our users. Your working style is results-driven, self-driven, and well organized. We are looking for a team member who embraces people's uniqueness, has an inclusive mindset. You are curious to continuously broadening your horizon on learning, accessibility, and inclusive design trends. You will become part of an exciting team with a purpose-driven mission.
WORK EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS
Act as an advisor and coach for accessibility and Inclusive Design
Deep understanding of software lifecycle
Ability to work as a strong effective team player, committed to results, solutions oriented
Strong attention to detail, producing quality output
Superior organizational skills, ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and follow-through on projects
Outstanding service orientation
Ability to work well under pressure and flexible in adapting and responding to changing situations
Experience leading by influence
Strong relationship building and management skills with key stakeholders
Deep subject matter expertise in all elements of training, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and accessibility
5+ years of professional experience in training and education roles
Strong communication skills in English
LOCATION
Remote/Virtual US
#SAPUXDesignCareers
WHAT YOU GET FROM US
Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.
A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.
SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT
To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.
SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
Additional Locations: Virtual - USA"
8	30+ days ago	Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc.	Human Resources Generalist	"Summary:

The HR Generalist duties include the administrative day-to-day tasks which are focused on Recruiting and HR operations . This position is a key business partner to all functions. The HR generalist carries out responsibilities in Recruitment, on-boarding, off boarding, employee life cycle events benefits, compensation, organizational development, and Human Resource Information Systems.


Responsibilities:

Advertising and posting available positions on job sites, social media sites, and other digital resources while assisting with the design and implementation of placement structures.
Screening candidates for available positions and participating in candidate interviews.
Managing and maintaining candidate information databases.
Informing applicants and employees regarding various programs and procedure requirements such as tenure, hours of work, benefits, general work expectations, and time off.
Ensuring the accurate information reflects in all HR databases, verifying, and providing inputs regarding data changes while being the key point person for onboarding and offboarding activities
Informing applicants and employees regarding various programs and procedure requirements such as tenure, hours of work, benefits, general work expectations, and time off.
Communicating with other departments, employees, applicants, administrators, and staff providing information and assistance regarding recruitment, employment, personnel records and legislation.
Assists with the development and administration of programs, procedures, and guidelines for alignment of strategic goals within the company.
Performing administrative functions to include scanning, filing and maintenance of HR documents.
Develops and maintains communication and recognition programs and activities designed to increase employee engagement and enhance employee-organization relationships. These activities may include social activities, service awards, attendance awards and operational or commercial milestone celebrations.
Prepares and analyzes reports that are necessary to carry out the functions of the department.
Supporting employees on health, dental, medical, and compensation benefits.
Assists with the administration of Workers' Compensation program. Ensures the prompt and proper filing of claims. Acts as liaison between insurance companies, physicians and employees.
Other duties as assigned.


Required Skills, Education and Experience:

Bachelors’ degree or equivalent in field of Human Resources, Business Management or related field.
A minimum of 5 years working experience in Human Resources.
Basic knowledge of Human Resource Laws and Regulations.
Ability to manage several projects and tasks simultaneously.
Solid problem-solving and business acumen skills.
Ability to speak, write and read the English language.
Ability to apply standard software applications to data issues and analysis.


Availability:

Must be available to work in the evenings and weekends, as required.


Position Location and/or Territory and Travel:

Position is a remote role.
Position requires 25-35% travel.


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals is an equal opportunity employer, we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Required Skills

Required Experience"
9	15 days ago	Epsilon	Human Resources Generalist (Remote)	"About the Opportunity
The Human Resource Generalist is a key role that partners with management on business decisions related to personnel and supports all Human Resource-related activity for the client groups. Responsibilities will include heavy emphasis on associate relations management and performance management.
Duties & Responsibilities
Support management in areas such as employee relations, retention, and performance management (career development, coaching, and disciplinary actions)
Counsel and coach managers on employee relations issues (investigations, involuntary terminations, and performance improvement plans)
Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, increase employee engagement, morale, change management, and increase productivity and retention
Responsible for day-to-day and project based involvement with other HR Centers of Excellence, including Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, and Training and Compensation • Drive overall HR initiatives (Talent Calibration, Review process, Merit process, Audits, Mentoring, Recognition initiatives, and MDO)
Ensures adherence to company policy and procedure and employment law
Support and provide backup on to our onboard processes for specified office
Document resignation trends and coach leadership on ways to minimize voluntary turnover
Liaison for benefits issues
Manage unemployment and workers comp claims
Manage Leave of Absences conversations • Support onsite training initiatives
Support Associate Survey actions
Reporting and metrics responsibility (turnover, RFP responses, recognition reports, promo reports, and adhoc reports)
High level of tactical skills and the ability to work across all levels of the organization in a matrixed, team environment
Assist, as necessary with:
Associate Relations and Performance Management
Counsel and coach managers on employee relations issues (establishing job descriptions, investigations, involuntary terminations, and performance improvement plans)
Monitor HR Processes for Compliance and Associate Communication
Manage unemployment and workers comp claims
Manage Leave of Absences conversations
Support onsite training initiatives
Support Associate Survey actions
Reporting and analytics - Run weekly, monthly and quarterly reports out of SAP for a variety of functions (finance, facilities, etc) - Reporting and metrics responsibility (turnover, RFP responses, recognition reports, promo reports, and adhoc reports)
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree preferred or relevant work experience
Proficiency with standard computer applications (MS Office) and HRIS databases (SAP preferred)
2-3 years of experience in Human Resources
Additional Information
Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.
Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.
Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.
For San Francisco Bay and Los Angeles Areas: Epsilon will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Applicants with criminal histories are welcome to apply.
REF93770T

Job Location"
10	8 days ago	Marathon Health	Organizational Development Specialist	"Overview:

Organizational Development Specialist
Marathon Health (www.marathon-health.com) people are more than just employees—they are ambassadors. Join our mission to change healthcare! We are hiring a full-time Organizational Development Specialist to join our team.
In conjunction with the Organizational Development team, this role will be responsible for assessing organizational needs, designing and deploying various management and organizational development programs, tools and processes that facilitate improved organizational performance. We are looking for candidates who are passionate about education and coaching others to reach their highest potential.
This is a 40 hour per week remote position with excellent compensation and full benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), FSA, CME assistance, life and disability, paid time off and holidays.
About Marathon Health
Marathon Health is one of the nation’s leading providers of employer-based health services. We serve businesses throughout the United States, providing a different kind of healthcare program that focuses on total population health management and health risk reduction.
Marathon Health promotes a culture of health and wellness in everything we do. It is for this reason we seek to hire individuals who embrace wellness and model healthy behaviors in their own lives. We are proud to be a drug and tobacco free company. We value the richness diversity brings to our workforce and are committed to being an equal opportunity employer and provider (EOE).

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with the Director of Leadership and Development, to deliver value-added service in the design, development, and delivery of Organizational Development initiatives that supports the ambassador experience at all levels within the organization.
Develops and implements programs that align with key business strategies, initiatives, and overall organizational health.
Designs, delivers, and facilitates workshops, trainings, programs and train the trainer sessions in the classroom and virtual environment for ambassadors and/or leaders.
Develops on-demand content, materials, support documentation, facilitator guides and blended learning approaches.
Conducts formal training program assessments to measure effectiveness of training programs.
Provides recommendations for and makes changes to curriculum to improve quality of training programs.
Ensures successful participation and usage of the Learning Management System by tracking and reporting core learning programs and overall participation.
Provides professional development coaching for people leaders and/or individual contributors
Supports leadership and management development programs through assessments, program facilitation and coaching.
Partners and collaborates with other Organizational Development team members to build a robust offering for ongoing coaching, teaching, and mentoring for ambassadors.
Supports Marathon Health’s culture programs, including but not limited to recognition programs, ambassador surveys, etc.
Supports varying Marathon Health training and education programs as needed; may include but not limited to: clinical training and clinical education, performance management programs, succession planning and executive coaching.
Effectively administers software tools and systems to effectively manage programs and course content.
Travel may be required to provide on-site training and support on a case by case basis.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Organizational Development or equivalent. Master's preferred
3-5 years’ experience in organizational development with proven experience in the design, development and delivery of high impact learning and development programs for leaders
Strongly preferred: experience delivering and leading leadership development and talent management programs (e.g, management/supervisory training, performance management, succession planning)
Experience with Leadership and Work Style Assessments (Predictive Index and 360-degree tools) strongly preferred
Strong knowledge of instructional theories: adult learning, on the job learning, knowledge management theories, principles in both virtual and classroom instruction
Program management and administration skills: organization, managing details, keeping multiple tasks/projects on track, using time well, and doing whatever it takes to deliver reliable results
Strong technological expertise with multimedia tools, software and applications"
11	19 days ago	H&M	Global Mobility Specialist	"Do you believe that colleagues are the number 1 key to a company’s success? Would you like to have a critical role in the future of H&M as an HR business partner and drive talent mobility initiatives? If you are as passionate about enabling people and business as we are, please keep on reading! We are now recruiting for a Global Mobility Specialist to support the US market and act as a subject matter expert for the Americas.
As the Global Mobility Specialist you will be a valuable member of the HR Operations team responsible for coordinating and facilitating the flow of relocations and remote work initiatives for H&M’s US operations as well as supporting the Americas region as a subject matter expert. This position is customer-service driven and requires the candidate to independently respond to internal client inquires. Additionally, the candidate will be a fast learner, exceptionally organized, and will have an acute attention to detail and accuracy. The candidate should also be able to form and maintain effective internal client relationships.
Overall Job Summary: The Global Mobility Specialist is responsible for all US International mobility moves to and from all countries with an H&M presence and supports mobility for North American countries. The role will act as the ambassador of global mobility working closely with HR to secure expatriate succession planning and the repatriation process of returning assignees.
This position is based in New York, NY within our Human Resources function, and reports to our Country Talent Manager.
Core Responsibilities includes but is not limited to:
Ensures Mobility practices continue to align with Company goals to achieve business strategy, employee value proposition, goals, and values; and ensures successful execution
Executes global and domestic mobility processes and policies for the Americas, ensures meaningful communication to drive equitable treatment for assignee population, and is mindful of the fiduciary responsibility to partner with the business
Oversees day-to-day immigration and assignment management processes
Provides vendor relationship management (immigration, tax, and RMC)
Ensures compliance of global mobility practices in line with legislative and regulatory requirements, standards, and other known relevant policies and guidelines; works cross-functionally with corporate tax regarding PE risk
Provides management oversight of the RMC’s caseload including: cost projection approvals, oversight of immigration support, supplier performance management, exceptions and escalation management
Monitors key data from relocation, tax, and immigration providers; identifies potential trends and offers cost effective solutions to effectively respond
Builds and maintains successful, trusting relationships with global and US stakeholders
Supports organizational effectiveness, and change and project management to improve operational efficiency and talent-mobility workforce planning
Possesses strong critical thinking skills, performs SWOT for program improvement, influences without authority, and demonstrates cultural agility and strong interpersonal skills to drive best in class customer service delivery
Provides excellent customer experience to all inbound foreign nationals with on the ground support to compliment RMC counselor’s relocation assistance
Act as a point of contact and liaison towards the Global Mobility Team in Stockholm, Sweden to mirror the H&M Group way of working with global mobility
Maintains SharePoint files including tracker and access for US mobility stakeholders.
Supports onboarding of new expats (LTA/GT) and foreign local hires (ILEs) and liaises with HR and payroll for system and full onboarding experience
Qualifications
What You’ll Need to Succeed:
Bachelor’s Degree in HR, Business, Finance, or relevant business field strongly preferred or equivalent experience
Minimum 3-5 years’ experience in a mobility role or transferrable skills
Minimum 5 years of management experience
Retail industry experience preferred
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Ability to take own initiative and work independently
CRM and Vendor management skills
Knowledgeable regarding US immigration and understanding of tax requirements
Ability to communicate clearly verbally and in writing
Comfortable working with C-Suite executives
Ability to be neutral and confidential and deal with sensitive information. A high level of confidentiality is required
Strong brand ambassador
Strong knowledge of general HR practices, policies, and guidelines
Strong customer service orientation including a friendly, helpful, and professional demeanor
Strong professional maturity
Proven organizational and analytical skills
Detail oriented and high attention to deal
Takes own initiative by proposing new routines and seeking proactive solutions to problems
Manages conflict resolution
Cultural agility, high degree of empathy and ability to manage ambiguity
Job Status: Salary, Exempt
EEOC Code: PRO
Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Job Location"
12	14 days ago	Zoom Video Communications, Inc.	Employee Relations Specialist	"Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
Zoom is seeking an Employee Relations Specialist that will work on employee relations and investigations with the lived experiences of our employees and culture. You will provide employee relations and performance management, case management and consultation. We’re looking for an individual who will ensure employee issues and concerns are resolved fairly and positively, while mitigating risk for the organization.
This person will support and work with employees across organizations at Zoom, building trusted relationships quickly, and partnering with warmth, empathy, compassion, and creativity to think inside of and outside of the box to drive the right solutions. This individual will also work with the internal teams to conduct investigations, determine findings and recommendations, draft investigation-related documents, and interpret and advise on policies, practices, and related employee relations topics You’ll also partner closely with various stakeholders including: Business Leaders, HR Business Partners, Legal, etc. This role will report directly into the Employee Relations Lead.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Strong communication, presentation and executive writing skills.
Demonstrated negotiation skills and ability to influence others.
Demonstrated ability to navigate successfully within ambiguity, multiple priorities and a constantly changing environment.
Track and identify trends utilizing the case management system.
Interpret and apply understanding of corporate policies and practices, employment law, and other regulations to provide advice, guidance, or clarification for ER inquiries.
Maintain current and relevant knowledge in a variety of concepts, practices, procedures as well as legal updates associated with HR and Employee Relations.
Ability to work effectively at all levels in the organization.
Collaborate with People Experience Partners, Legal, and other investigative parties as required to thoroughly conduct the investigation and reach the best outcomes for our organization and employees
Experience working with HR Information Systems (Workday, Service Now, etc.) and case management software
Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Strong problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and intuitive sense of business acumen
Ability to execute tasks with attention to detail, reliability, and a relatively quick pace
Ability to interface and partner with HR and non-HR stakeholders to achieve results
May serve as facilitator and apply interventions to resolve low risk employee disagreements, conflicts, or misunderstandings if needed.
 REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent; preferred JD or MBA or MJELE
3+ years of broad HR Generalist knowledge and experience.
2+ years experience in Employee Relations experience.
Experience in a high tech environment
Strong analytical skills with the ability to use data to form hypothesizes, operate / advise in the “gray” areas. Adept understanding of client motivations and business pain points; leverages inputs to influence business decisions.
Ability to synthesize complex issues, translating them into written form to ensure legally appropriate documentation.
Business and people acumen, knowledge of consulting frameworks and models, and ability to influence employees and managers at all levels.
Solid understanding of Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, principals, concepts and practices, including but not limited to Title VII, FMLA, ADA, etc...
Possesses high degree of integrity and competence dealing with highly sensitive / confidential information in a discrete manner.
Excellent coaching, facilitation, and conflict resolution skills.
Demonstrated ability to navigate successfully within ambiguity, multiple priorities and a constantly changing environment.
Proven experience in managing multiple projects with strong time management and prioritization skills.
Strong diversity and inclusion acumen and commitment.
Demonstrated success working collaboratively within and across HR and legal."
13	30+ days ago	Facebook	University Recruiter	"As a University Recruiter you will partner with talent scouts and our engineering teams on hiring strategies that support several key universities.
Manage recruiting process for technical candidates ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
Work with recruiting team members (Talent Scouts, Sourcers, and Coordinators) to develop, implement, and execute hiring strategy across all technical teams
Collaborate with client groups to understand their hiring needs and goals
Screen resumes and interview qualified candidates
Facilitate interview and hiring discussions with interviewers and hiring managers
Maintain data reports and performance metrics on a regular basis
Drive offer process - including extending offers, closing candidates, generating offer letters
Act as an internally and externally-facing representative of Facebook and our talent acquisition team
Ability to travel domestically
BA/BS degree
Minimum of 2 years experience in recruiting university candidates (internship and full-time)
Interest about the Facebook product and experience communicating to our technology/industry
Experience partnering with managers, interviewers, and team members throughout the hiring process
Interest in contributing to the Facebook mission and goals
Solid tech and industry knowledge with experience understanding relevant tech skills, target companies, engineering schools, conferences, open source communities
Consultative qualities and interpersonal skills with experience communicating across all levels of the org as well as externally
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
#LI-REMOTE"
14	30+ days ago	Amazon.com Services LLC	Principal, Employee Relations - Americas	"At least eight years direct experience in employee relations, labor relations, or labor/employment law with an emphasis on labor and employee relations work
Bachelor’s degree required; advanced degree, JD, or other specialized training in labor/employee relations a significant plus
Experience in designing and delivering successful training programs
Technically proficient in MS Word, Excel, Access, & PowerPoint, with ability to become proficient with HTML a plus

This position requires an individual who has significant employee and labor relations experience, deep subject matter knowledge, and strong communication and interpersonal skills that enables the individual to work successfully on a broad spectrum of employee and labor relations issues and projects. The position supports the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Americas operations.

The central objective of Amazon’s Employee Relations (ER) team is to ensure our organization’s treatment of employees is fair, respectful, and consistent with our framework of our core business values and objectives. To support that objective, this position’s responsibilities fall into proactive and reactive categories.

The individual will work as a project manager on proactive programs that improve local and network employee relations. The individual, for example, will work proactively to:


Partner with Senior Managers and HR teams to create and sustain positive ER programs and best practices · Design and conduct multiple positive labor relations trainings and communications in partnership with Employment Legal teams
Design, collect, and analyze multiple levels of employee feedback
Partner to engage in continuous improvement in communication vehicles and practices
Analyze, diagnose, design, and revise people programs, policies, and practices to sustain positive ER.

The individual also will work reactively on critical ER issues that are crisis-oriented, claims requiring investigative action, or escalations from Senior Leadership or HR. These matters are ones that typically can only be successfully completed with limited time. Balancing time between projects and crisis-response is a critical component for success in the position.

The position reports to the Principal, AWS ER, and the role can be remotely based. This is a full-time position that may require significant travel, up to 35-45% of the time over the course of the year to the various AWS locations, which includes locations throughout the Americas.


Solid understanding of federal and state employment & labor laws, with some exposure to LATAM and/or Canadian labor laws
Team player with strong written and oral communication skills; excellent public speaker
Strong interpersonal and persuasion skills, enabling individual to establish partnerships working with senior leaders and across organizational lines
Able to handle confidential information in a mature and professional manner
Highly analytical thinker and problem solver
Proven attention to detail; extremely organized
Acts with sense of urgency, bias for action, fast pace, and desire to thrive in a dynamically growing environment
High-quality judgment and sound decision-making
Strong project and time management skills with ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects to closure
Confident and innovative thinker; isn’t satisfied with “checking the box” or just pulling out “what we did at my last job”
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
15	30+ days ago	Inflection	Learning & Development Specialist	"The Learning & Development Specialist supports the organization by designing, developing, and implementing learning solutions & projects. The person in this role will primarily conduct virtual training for our Support Team, and possibly expand to other teams as the organization grows. For over ten years, Inflection has sourced and analyzed billions of public records to create fair and innovative solutions to help companies make better and faster decisions about who they should hire and who they should trust. The Company’s flagship business, GoodHire, currently provides employment screening solutions to more than 80,000 companies across the US. Launched in 2013, GoodHire has consistently led the market with our intuitive, thoughtful, and user-focused designs.
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Work in a highly complex and fast-paced environment, meeting aggressive deadlines to support organizational growth and success
Conduct virtual new hire trainings for our Support team—up to 20 learners at a time
Present and facilitate classroom and virtual trainings
Manage learning projects end-to-end: from pre-training analysis to post-training evaluation
Conduct needs analysis, including task, learner, and performance analyses
Collaborate with subject matter experts, managers, and business stakeholders to ensure buy-in of learning solutions
Design learning plans, schedules, and curriculum using evidence-based training methods
Develop learning materials, including presentation materials, e-learning modules, job aids, and other content
Coordinate resources as needed, including rooms and technologies, to complete training initiatives
Measure the effectiveness of training initiatives, evaluating the results, and implementing enhancements
Maintain a library of learning assets, including knowledge management tools (e.g. Guru)
Maintain knowledge of our products and services
Support related teams with special projects
YOU'LL BE A FANTASTIC MATCH FOR THIS ROLE IF YOU:
At least 2 year experience working in a fast-paced environment (e.g. at a startup)developing and delivering learning solutions in a formal capacity. Virtual training experience is required.
Excellent needs analysis skills, including task and learner analysis. You're the type of person who does their research and seeks out answers.
Proficient instructional design and learning science skills. You're the type of person who can separate learning facts from fiction.
Proficient presentation and facilitation skills. You're the type of person who can read a room and keep everyone's attention.
Excellent technology skills. You can multitask effectively on a computer and you know how to use G Suite (e.g. Slides), learning management systems (e.g.Rise.com), e-learning authoring tools (e.g. Storyline), content authoring tools(e.g. Snagit), and virtual presentation tools (e.g. Zoom).
Proficient writing and editing skills. You're the type of person who can articulate your thoughts clearly and concisely.
Proficient information design and content development skills. You're the type of person who can create infographics to communicate abstract ideas.
Proficient collaboration skills. You're the type of person who isn't afraid to work with others, handle conflict, and find solutions.
Fundamental project management skills. You're the type of person who can scope and manage learning projects, and you have a plan B when needed.
Fundamental evaluation and measurement skills. You know how to tie learning outcomes to business metrics.
Experience working in contact or support centers is a plus!
TO WIT, INFLECTION OFFERS:
Innovative, high growth products that customers love
Competitive compensation including equity options
Comprehensive insurance benefits package including medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
401K
Track record of promoting and hiring internally
Startup environment with big opportunities for impact
High energy team with mix of experienced entrepreneurs, talented engineers, and successful Silicon Valley/Prairie veterans
Learning and Development funds to enhance and learn new skills
Diversity and Inclusion program
3 days off per year to volunteer
YOU BELIEVE WORK IS ABOUT MORE THAN JUST THE BOTTOM LINE
We don’t want to just be good at what we do; we want to be good for the world. We’ve met rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. We care about all stakeholders, including customers, employees, and the community.
California Resident Privacy Notice"
16	Today	Geotab	Human Resources Business Partner	Who we are:Geotab is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work.” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Marketplace, offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.*Who are you: *The Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) acts as a trusted advisor to their designated business groups and supports their teams in all facets of Human Resources and associated employee related business decisions.*What you'll do:*The strategic HRBP develops, implements, supports and monitors Human Resources initiatives and ensures alignment with overall Geotab goals, policies and business initiativesHow you'll make an impact: Accountable for the strategic direction of HR support for designated functional group while ensuring strategic direction aligns with overall organizational strategy.Partner with senior leaders within the functional group.Ensure cross border consistency with handling of ER issues as legally allowable and report on performance management trends.Lead team meetings with other HRBPs within the functional group.Follow responsibilities matrix (RACI) - investigations, PIP management, career development, etc.Take a consultative and collaborative approach to support and provide HR solutions within designated business groups.Participate, develop and execute HR strategies, goals, objectives and projects in support of Geotab growth, people development and increased engagement and retention.Build relationships, advise and coach employees and leadership on HR practices.Proactively assess, diagnose and develop solutions to organizational challenges within designated business groups.Provide day-to-day performance management guidance to leadership (coaching, counselling, career development, disciplinary actions).Manage and resolve complex employee relations issues, maintain appropriate records of investigations and advise stakeholders in the progression of such cases.Maintain in-depth knowledge of legislative requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks to ensure compliance.Develop, implement and administer new HR initiatives.Assist with the introduction of new or revised policies and process changes to ensure that teams are appropriately equipped and continuously supported in introducing and managing these changes.Work with leadership on process improvements, programs and policies and facilitating changes.Collaborate with the HR team and department managers regarding recruitment needs and fulfillment.Gather and analyze data with useful HR metrics.Conduct effective, thorough and objective investigations when required; produce findings and recommend courses of action.Ensure strict adherence to Geotab policies on Google sharing rights to confidential HR/employee information.Provide expert project leadership and guidance to team as HR SME:Provide direction, coaching and mentorship to the team; ensure other HRBPs or HRGs on the team are aligned with the strategy by providing direction and assigning tasks as needed.Support the development of the team by coaching, providing feedback, identifying areas of growth and training opportunities.Collaborate and support employees and leadership during the performance management process, meeting KPAs and career development planning.Support Geotab global strategic initiatives.Participate in various health and safety activities, and have a high awareness and keen interest in employee safety legislation.Previous experience in manufacturing/logistics environment considered an asset.What you'll bring to this role: 3-5 years experience as an HR Business Partner.Experience with human resources policies and procedures.Solid understanding of employee relations and employment legislation.Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and relationship management skills.Excellent analytical skills with the ability to problem solve to well-judged decisions.Strategic mindset, has a keen sense of priorities, along with an ability to pivot as the landscape changes.Able to work well under pressure and respond to fast changing priorities and deadlines.Highly organized and able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.Strong project management skills; able to identify needs, develop effective solutions and manage projects through to completion.A strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization.Technical competence using software programs, including, but not limited to, Google Suite for business (Sheets, Docs, Slides.)Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization.Why job seekers choose Geotab:Work from home and flex work arrangementsBaby bonusHome office reimbursement programOnline learning and networking opportunitiesElectric vehicle purchase incentive programFull medical benefits & 4% 401k company matching RSP (full-time employees only)How we work:At Geotab, we understand that the world is always changing and that we need to change with it. Geotab has adopted a hybrid model for working, including a flexible work from home program, with the opportunity to work in our safe, clean offices. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!Geotab provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Geotab complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Geotab expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Geotab's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.Job Type: Full-time
17	4 days ago	IBM	Recruiting Specialist (RPO) - Remote	"Introduction
In an era where progress is driven by people and experiences, and where finding and developing the right talent is key, HR has become the main engine of business growth. IBM Talent & Transformation is helping businesses worldwide to reconfigure their HR functions, such as talent acquisition and talent development, to deliver the talent essential to their growth.


The Talent Acquisition Optimization (TAO) group is part of IBM Talent & Transformation. We are a globally recognized partner in recruitment, talent acquisition consulting and employment branding solutions that transform the way businesses acquire talent in a highly competitive marketplace. For more than 30 years we have leveraged our considerable expertise in global talent acquisition and business process improvement to redesign how skills are identified and recruited for our clients, and deliver exceptional talent acquisition experiences

Your Role and Responsibilities
The Recruitment Specialist is responsible for candidate generation primarily through direct sourcing and research to attract both passive and active candidates. The Recruiter may manage an individual requisition load, working directly with the Hiring Manager from discovery intake to offer negotiation or form part of a sourcing team, supplying qualified candidates for requisitions managed by the IBM Talent Acquisition Partners. The Recruiter will help define, develop, plan and implement recruiting strategies utilizing their market knowledge. They will act as the first point of contact for candidates and will be able to sell the client’s EVP and talk knowledgeably about the company, industry and role opportunity.

Responsibilities:

Participates in the role discovery meeting with Hiring Manager and agrees delivery expectations, timelines and sourcing strategiesConsults with the Hiring Manager on the role requirements and sector/market talent supply considerations which may impact deliveryDevelops comprehensive, innovative sourcing strategies including passive candidate outreach channels, recruitment marketing plans and talent pool mining.
Drives innovative programs, events, campaigns and networking channels to build referrals and candidate pipeline
Conducts or orchestrates projects as required including; email marketing, competitor organizational chart mapping, mapping target companies and professional and alumni associations, social media, cold calling, and social activitiesUse screening and selection criteria to identify qualified candidates and determine the relevant strength of the candidates in the poolActs as a brand ambassador to engage passive candidates and develop and retain their interest in the client’s companySources, screens, and submits candidate short-lists to the Hiring Manager or TABPsKeeps systems accurately updated as required.
Prioritises workload based on sourcing effort required in order to meet weekly/monthly/quarterly production goals and revenue targets as set by management teamContributes, through excellent delivery, to high client satisfaction levels with the service to promote positive NPS scores, references and case studies from the account

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
At least 2 years of recruitment experience, with sourcing expertise in either an in-house, RPO or agency role.
Good working proficiency in computer skills and MS Office.
Fluency in English10% Travel Annually
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
BA/BS degree or equivalentAt least 2 years of experience with direct sourcing methodologies and channels

About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location StatementIBM offers a competitive benefits program which may include medical, dental, vision, paid holidays, paid sick time, paid vacation, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), life insurance, IBM 401(k) Program and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
18	30+ days ago	kraken	Onboarding Administrator - EMEA	"About Kraken
Kraken is changing the world. Join the revolution!
Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world’s largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we are growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent.
In our first decade Kraken has risen to become one of the best and most respected crypto exchanges in the world. We are changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. The crypto industry is experiencing unprecedented growth and Kraken is leading the charge. We’ve grown from 70 Krakenites in January 2017 to over 1800 today and we have no intention of slowing down.
About the Position
Our People team is called the Krakenite Experience (KX) team, and we aim to become a world leader in People Experience. Working with the world's top talent, our diverse and forward‐thinking team is spread across 60+ countries.
The Onboarding team is seeking a passionate and dynamic individual to join our team. As an Onboarding Administrator, you will work directly with the Onboarding Team, hiring managers, and a number of critical partner teams to provide the highest quality experience possible for incoming hires as they prepare to dive into their new life at Kraken. You will serve as the main point of contact for new hires, facilitate their set-up, introduce them to the company, and generally ensure that every aspect of their onboarding is smooth and successful.
About You
You bring infectious enthusiasm and genuine human connection to your work and have a knack for facilitating group conversations and speaking publicly. You have a natural ability to build rapport with others. You are committed to bringing the highest level of quality in all aspects of your work. You have an eye for style, are methodical and detailed, and can balance both with a strong sense of urgency. You are comfortable with complexity and resilient in the face of blockers and challenges. You thrive in a fast-moving, frequently changing environment where the work you do has immediate and visible impact. You are proactive and results focused, have a collaborative mindset, and will approach our goal of providing the absolute best in class Onboarding experience with compassion and critical thought.


Responsibilities
Liaise with internal teams for equipment and accounts provisioning, and administrative requirements
Serve as point of contact for new hires and their managers during Onboarding
Schedule, host and facilitate live Orientation sessions
Contribute to ensuring that all Orientation content and documentation is correct, current, and complete at all times
Contribute to development of current or future e-Learning materials pertaining to Onboarding
Respond to queries from new hires, hiring managers, and other Krakenites about policy, procedure etc
Projects as assigned
Potential for travel requirement in future
Requirements
Previous Onboarding experience or experience in a similar role
Workday experience strongly preferred
Passion for company culture and employee satisfaction
Appreciation for privacy, security, “crypto values”, sound money, and can get along well with other Krakenites
Passion for cryptocurrency adoption and personal experience with crypto a plus
Ability to prioritize and make decisions independently and proactively
Wizard-level organizational skills
Critical thinking - you know how to identify process issues and propose intelligent solutions
Stellar communication skills - you are responsive, empathetic, and reliable
Proficient in written and verbal English
Proficient with Google Suite and Apps, Mac/PC/Unix - generally tech savvy and willing and capable of picking up new systems
Solid understanding of labor legislation and payroll process


We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives."
19	30+ days ago	Facebook	University Recruiter	"As a University Recruiter you will partner with talent scouts and our engineering teams on hiring strategies that support several key universities.
Manage recruiting process for technical candidates ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
Work with recruiting team members (Talent Scouts, Sourcers, and Coordinators) to develop, implement, and execute hiring strategy across all technical teams
Collaborate with client groups to understand their hiring needs and goals
Screen resumes and interview qualified candidates
Facilitate interview and hiring discussions with interviewers and hiring managers
Maintain data reports and performance metrics on a regular basis
Drive offer process - including extending offers, closing candidates, generating offer letters
Act as an internally and externally-facing representative of Facebook and our talent acquisition team
Ability to travel domestically
BA/BS degree
Minimum of 2 years experience in recruiting university candidates (internship and full-time)
Interest about the Facebook product and experience communicating to our technology/industry
Experience partnering with managers, interviewers, and team members throughout the hiring process
Interest in contributing to the Facebook mission and goals
Solid tech and industry knowledge with experience understanding relevant tech skills, target companies, engineering schools, conferences, open source communities
Consultative qualities and interpersonal skills with experience communicating across all levels of the org as well as externally
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
#LI-REMOTE"
20	30+ days ago	Kroger General Office	Human Resources Policy Standards (Special Assignment)(Can Be Remote)	"Company Name: Kroger General Office
Position Type: Employee
FLSA Status: Exempt
Position Summary
Assist in determining all people policies currently administered throughout the company. Organize various people policies into database to assist team in prioritizing work. Collaborate with division HR teams, Associate & Labor Relations, and others to understand policy language, historical view and purpose of policies. Assist in research to determine industry best practice and competitive data. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety.
Essential Job Functions
Research current people policies, as assigned, across the enterprise to create database of policies
Research union labor agreements to determine people policy language and add to database
Assist with maintaining HR policy library
Research industry best practices and competitive data to compare current people policies to external benchmarks
Must be able to perform the essential job functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation
Minimum Position Qualifications
2+ years of experience as a HR generalist or an equivalent role
Strong written, oral, and presentation skills
Demonstrated leadership skills
Ability to achieve results through collaboration
Ability to interpret employee handbooks, labor contracts and government policies and regulations
Ability to preserve confidentiality of information
Desired Previous Experience/Education
Bachelor's Degree
Any experience in a division administrative management HR role
Any experience creating and implementing policies
Education Level: Bachelor's Desired
Required Travel: Up to 25%
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
Regions: General Office- Cincinnati; Any; Mid-Atlantic; Midwest; Mountain; South; West
States: Ohio; Alabama; Alaska; American Samoa; Arizona; Arkansas; California; Colorado; Connecticut; Delaware; District of Columbia; Federated States of Micronesia; Florida; Georgia; Guam; Hawaii; Idaho; Illinois; Indiana; Iowa; Kansas; Kentucky; Louisiana; Maine; Marshall Islands; Maryland; Massachusetts; Michigan; Minnesota; Mississippi; Missouri; Montana; Nebraska; Nevada; New Hampshire; New Jersey; New Mexico; New York; North Carolina; North Dakota; Northern Mariana Islands; Oklahoma; Oregon; Palau; Pennsylvania; Puerto Rico; Rhode Island; South Carolina; South Dakota; Tennessee; Texas; Utah; Vermont; Virgin Islands; Virginia; Washington; West Virginia; Wisconsin; Wyoming"
21	5 days ago	Excellence Services, LLC	Remote Senior HR Specialist	Remote. CA, USA$25 to $35/hour DOEUp to 20% performance-based Bonus.Remote work onlyFull-time, Typically Monday-FridayABOUT US: Excellence Services LLC is a professional private-owned company that provides luxury service for an HNW family exclusively. We help our client enjoy their life and encourage employee success.SUMMARY: Looking for an experienced HR specialist to screen and process household domestic staff applicants, and assist in the day-to-day HR operations of private estate. Must commit to implementing and maintaining our core values. The ideal candidate will be proactive, energetic, detail-oriented and be able to anticipate Principals' needs and provide exceptional service in a timely manner. Qualified candidates will work independently, wear multiple hats and be productive in a remote working environment. Must be flexible to shift priorities as needed.RESPONSIBILITIES: Set the service standard from the beginning with the interview screening process. Required to meet the service needs of the family and property.Keep and report accurate and confidential information of all candidates, from application through hiring/termination.Screen all resumes looking for key traits that will make candidates successful in an HNW family environment.Regular meetings with household contacts regarding staff placement and HR-related issues.Act as a point of contact and gatekeeper for Principals on all recruiting processes - providing updates on job postings, applicant pool, applicant status, recruiting websites, and intro interview performances.Provide updates and information on all human resource matters, including compliance notifications and required postings.Review and submit human resource/recruitment related invoices for processingQUALIFICATIONS AND CHARACTER SKETCH: Professional and discreet demeanor in all phone and email interactions with applicants.4-Year degree from accredited college or university.Minimum of 4+ years of relevant experience working in a human resource capacity.Possess superior organizational and time management skills.Able to work independently and report progress and results to a team.Excellent HR and project management skills.Positive professional attitude, team player, capable of working well with a vast array of employees and applicants.Tech-savvy and resourceful. Familiar with internet research, LinkedIn, Gmail, Google Docs, Google Sheets and Google Calendar.Comfortable with iPhone, including texting, camera phone, and smartphone apps.Able to multitask and prioritize well.Excellent command of the English language, both written and verbal.Flexible schedule with availability to work overtime and weekends as needed. A 24/7 mentality.Legal to work in the United States.Able to pass an extensive background check, including criminal, credit check, and reference checks.Familiar with California labor laws and legal interview processes.OUR CORE VALUES: Principal’s FirstAbility to stay focused on meeting and exceeding Highly Private Principals/Clients needsLearn from mistakesAble to admit mistakes upfront and seeks the truth. Learns and grows from mistakes. Makes thoughtful choices and provides solutions to avoid future mistakes. Keeps improving.ConscientiousFinishes duties mindfully, effectively and promptly.DedicationShows a deep commitment to the role and people.AccountableTakes ownership of tasks and time for Due diligence.IndependentThinks and acts independently.ResilienceDoes not complain or shy away from assigned work. Confronts difficulties with a positive outlook. When the going gets tough the tough get going.Job Type: Full-timePay: $25.00 - $35.00 per hourBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
22	8 days ago	Marathon Health	Organizational Development Specialist	"Overview:

Organizational Development Specialist
Marathon Health (www.marathon-health.com) people are more than just employees—they are ambassadors. Join our mission to change healthcare! We are hiring a full-time Organizational Development Specialist to join our team.
In conjunction with the Organizational Development team, this role will be responsible for assessing organizational needs, designing and deploying various management and organizational development programs, tools and processes that facilitate improved organizational performance. We are looking for candidates who are passionate about education and coaching others to reach their highest potential.
This is a 40 hour per week remote position with excellent compensation and full benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), FSA, CME assistance, life and disability, paid time off and holidays.
About Marathon Health
Marathon Health is one of the nation’s leading providers of employer-based health services. We serve businesses throughout the United States, providing a different kind of healthcare program that focuses on total population health management and health risk reduction.
Marathon Health promotes a culture of health and wellness in everything we do. It is for this reason we seek to hire individuals who embrace wellness and model healthy behaviors in their own lives. We are proud to be a drug and tobacco free company. We value the richness diversity brings to our workforce and are committed to being an equal opportunity employer and provider (EOE).

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with the Director of Leadership and Development, to deliver value-added service in the design, development, and delivery of Organizational Development initiatives that supports the ambassador experience at all levels within the organization.
Develops and implements programs that align with key business strategies, initiatives, and overall organizational health.
Designs, delivers, and facilitates workshops, trainings, programs and train the trainer sessions in the classroom and virtual environment for ambassadors and/or leaders.
Develops on-demand content, materials, support documentation, facilitator guides and blended learning approaches.
Conducts formal training program assessments to measure effectiveness of training programs.
Provides recommendations for and makes changes to curriculum to improve quality of training programs.
Ensures successful participation and usage of the Learning Management System by tracking and reporting core learning programs and overall participation.
Provides professional development coaching for people leaders and/or individual contributors
Supports leadership and management development programs through assessments, program facilitation and coaching.
Partners and collaborates with other Organizational Development team members to build a robust offering for ongoing coaching, teaching, and mentoring for ambassadors.
Supports Marathon Health’s culture programs, including but not limited to recognition programs, ambassador surveys, etc.
Supports varying Marathon Health training and education programs as needed; may include but not limited to: clinical training and clinical education, performance management programs, succession planning and executive coaching.
Effectively administers software tools and systems to effectively manage programs and course content.
Travel may be required to provide on-site training and support on a case by case basis.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Organizational Development or equivalent. Master's preferred
3-5 years’ experience in organizational development with proven experience in the design, development and delivery of high impact learning and development programs for leaders
Strongly preferred: experience delivering and leading leadership development and talent management programs (e.g, management/supervisory training, performance management, succession planning)
Experience with Leadership and Work Style Assessments (Predictive Index and 360-degree tools) strongly preferred
Strong knowledge of instructional theories: adult learning, on the job learning, knowledge management theories, principles in both virtual and classroom instruction
Program management and administration skills: organization, managing details, keeping multiple tasks/projects on track, using time well, and doing whatever it takes to deliver reliable results
Strong technological expertise with multimedia tools, software and applications"
23	20 days ago	SK FOOD GROUP	Human Resources Specialist	"Established in 1943, the SK Food Group is a leader in the food manufacturing and wholesale food sales industry. We produce a complete line of products for many different market segments including retail, convenience stores, vending and the transportation industry. In addition, we pride ourselves on the sub-contract manufacturing and private labeling capabilities our company offers to customers throughout the United States. Please visit https://www.skfoodgroup.com/about/ for more information.

We are seeking an experienced Human Resource Specialist to join our team. This role has remote home office flexibility with occasional travel or visit to facilities to support business needs.

Reporting to the Director of Human Resource Operations, the HR Specialist focuses on validation, maintenance and support of the ADP HRIS Workforce Now/Time & Attendance system and other HRIS utilized by the organization. This role serves as a technical point‑of‑contact for ensuring data integrity, report writing and analyzing data flows for process improvement opportunities. As a corporate HR team member, this role also supports new associate onboarding procedures and documentation, benefits overview, communications and other Human Resource project support for the network.

Essential Duties:
Create documents from ADP/HRIS data to include, but not limited to seniority reports, seniority award certificates, associate change forms, annual raise and bonus letters, and payroll import files.
Provide support for ADP/HRIS systems including researching HRIS problems, resolving unexpected results or process flaws and performing scheduled activities. Recommend solutions or alternate methods to meet requirements.
Write, maintain, distribute and support a variety of reports or queries utilizing appropriate reporting tools. Assist in development of standard reports for ongoing business and compliance needs.
Create user reference documents and provide training to team members on new processes/functionality and system implementations. Provide training to new system users and new managers of people.
Utilize a variety of software to design impactful visualizations and infographics for executive PowerPoint presentations and Division Newsletters.
Maintain data integrity in systems by performing systems audits, analyzing data, correcting data as needed and establishing ongoing methods, procedures and processes to resolve operational and compliance issues and data integrity.
Prepare, audit and submit required EEOC reporting to include federal and state annual reporting.
Assist in the review, testing and implementation of HRIS system implementations, upgrades and patches. Collaborate with functional and technical staff to coordinate application of upgrade or fix. Maintain HRIS system tables. Document process and results.
Recommend process and customer service improvements, innovative solutions, policy changes and/or variations from established policy to appropriate leadership for review.
Serve as a liaison with third parties and other stakeholders (e.g., payroll), including ensuring accurate integration of data and troubleshooting interface issues and resolving discrepancies.
Facilitate communications around ADP self‑service, associate service anniversaries, promotions and other recognitions. Facilitate communication of benefits information, annual open enrollment, wellness programs and other corporate human resource initiatives to support the Benefits & Compensation Manager.
Provide new hire on-boarding support and data entry for the corporate office and remote associates. This includes assisting with company orientation, training assignments, paperwork and serving as a point of contact for Human Resource related questions for the organization.
Organize and maintain Personnel Files and other HR documentation and data on SharePoint.
Partner with plant location HR leaders to ensure required state and federal Employment Law posters are current and updated when revisions are released. Ensure corporate office location postings are up to date and that the information is available for remote associates.
Assist with providing responses internal and external audit requests.
Maintain awareness of current trends in HRIS with a focus on product and service development, delivery and support, and applying key technologies. Examine trends in information systems training, materials and techniques. Through classes, reading, CBTs or other mechanisms, continuously increase both HR knowledge and HRIS application/tools knowledge.
Assist corporate Human Resources with miscellaneous HR projects and initiatives as needed.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree and at least three years related HR experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must have direct experience supporting organizations with Human Resource Information Systems.
Advanced computer proficiency is required. Advanced experience with ADP Workforce Now and Time and Attendance is highly desired.
Strong proficiency with Microsoft Office suite of programs including Word, Excel and PowerPoint. (Prior experience with Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Creative Cloud InDesign or similar software preferred.)
Strong understanding of HR processes and data, including eligibility and enrollment rules and benefits procedures in order to ensure correct data management and implementation.
Knowledge of basic principles and practices of human resources.
Strong statistical, analytical and problem‑solving skills.
Previous experience with system implementations and/or upgrades.
Effective written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization.
Must possess a customer service approach, both inside and outside the organization.
Ability to appropriately handle sensitive and confidential matters.
Ability to research and solve problems with little supervision.
Ability to quickly become and expert when learning new information.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Proficiency working with very large data sets, developing tools for streamlined analysis and creating reports that succinctly summarize complex concepts.
Benefits:
This role offers a competitive salary as well as company paid health and welfare benefits to include medical, dental, vision coverage for the associate and family. Other benefits include Paid Time Off and Holidays, Retirement Plan with company matching program, Flex Spending Accounts, opportunity for growth and more"
24	Today	Bright Horizons Family Solutions	Learning and Development Specialist	"We’re hiring a Learning and Development Specialist !
The Learning and Development Specialist will contribute to professional development and training projects and provide support for implementation and application.
Location : Remote, preference is P acific or Mountain time zone
What you will be doing in this role:
Contribute to strategy and innovation about how professional development and training can impact company and department goals.
Contribute to multiple aspects of a project from proposal stage to production ensuring quality assurance, usability, implementation and application support, and outcomes are met.
Coordinate logistics for training initiatives.
Understand and monitor IACET standards compliance.
Contribute to the design of professional development and training programs and resources using instructional design principles, the ADDIE or SAM model, and using a variety of delivery methods such as instructor led workshops, computer based training and enhanced PowerPoint materials.
Collect and track training need information including field requests, state requirements, and BHFS requirements.
Contribute to review, revision, and curation of current professional development and training materials.
Understand the levels of learning measurement, contribute to the design of measurement tools and strategies, assess results, and make recommendations based on measurement results.
Effectively use eLearning software tools such as: Brainshark, Prezi, Camtasia, and Articulate.
Assist with logistical aspects of internal conferences and produce department training webinars.
Contribute to the development of training tools and job aids to help trainers/facilitators increase acumen and impact.
Collaborate with other departments on special projects and initiatives as required.
What we hope you will bring to this role:
Bachelors degree in Learning & Development or related field required
2 years experience in designing and developing adult learning and training
Other qualifications include eLearning design acumen; computer software skills in Microsoft Office applications, specifically Excel and Power Point; strong writing skills; and the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.
Facilitation skills & experience are desirable; willingness to learn facilitation skills is critical. Early childhood education experience or knowledge is desirable
This role has the following employment benefits:
H ealth Care
Retirement
Sick Leave
Vacation
Paid Holidays
Disability Insurance
Life Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
The compensation for this role is $53,000-$58,000.
HAVING TECHNICAL ISSUES WITH YOUR APPLICATION?
Contact us at bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com or 855-877-6866
Bright Horizons is dedicated to creating a workforce that promotes and supports diversity and inclusion. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination. Bright Horizons complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO – English and EEO – Spanish along with information on the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) .
Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the recruitment helpdesk at 855-877-6866 or bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com . Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis."
25	12 days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Human Capital Consultant - MedExpress - Telecommute	"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making healthcare data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Human Capital Consultant will help shape and execute the Human Capital and talent strategies for MedExpress, creating a wealth of opportunity for an experienced human capital strategic partner to contribute across a broad range of priorities, including culture building, workforce strategy, organization effectiveness, talent agenda, leadership bench strength, and employee experience.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Consulting & Coaching: Partner with leaders to develop and design strategies aligned with business outcomes
Organizational Development: Uses a consulting framework to improve the health and effectiveness of the organization through various methods, tools and techniques impacting business results. Examples including organization design, change enablement and leadership, workforce planning, effective leadership, and coaching
Data and Analytics: Leverages data and analytic skills to drive decision making and action. Designs, develops and deploys solutions through on-going analysis and tying multiple data sets together to recommend action aligned with business strategies
Talent Management: Understands the organizational talent strategy, talent plans and supply chain of internal and external talent. Drives business talent strategy and plans by applying talent acquisition, workforce planning, total rewards and inclusion and diversity practices to drive talent outcomes
Culture and Employee Experience: Deep understanding of culture, diversity and the drivers impacting a positive employee experience. Fosters inclusion, diversity and culture practices to create and maintain a positive, rewarding, and inclusive environment
Business Fluency: Financial understanding and business operations knowledge. Understands how the business unit operates, major categories of cost and how profits are generated. Able to articulate the strategy, customer base and external factors impacting the business
Diversity & Inclusion: Integrates, aligns, and embeds Inclusion and Diversity Strategy within the People Strategy and all aspects of Human Capital Work
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources, Business or Behavioral Science or related field or demonstrated equivalency
4 + years of human capital experience
Proven consulting skills across various types of critical stakeholders
Demonstrated experience applying data and analytics to influence decision making and business outcomes
Experience implementing talent strategies and executing plans aligned with the culture and overall employee experience to drive business outcomes
Demonstrated experience in business fluency and knowledge
Demonstrated competence in understanding the talent agenda, including developing a strong leadership bench
Understanding of developing and implementing workforce strategy, aligned with and driving business outcomes
Willing to travel up 50-75% of the time to clinic locations
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s Degree in Human Resources or related field
Experience working within a matrixed (i.e. shared services delivery model) environment at a large, global, complex organization
Demonstrated history of positive employee experience through all aspects of Human Capital work
Experience leading organization design and implementing change
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make healthcare work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where healthcare has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: telecommute, telecommuter, remote, work from home, 932806."
26	22 days ago	Zoom Video Communications, Inc.	HR Business Partner, Non-Rev	"Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
Open to Remote
THE CHALLENGE
We are looking for a strategic HRBP to guide leaders in our non-revenue generating organizations. Partnering with leaders, you will drive initiatives around organizational and leadership effectiveness. The successful HRBP will be able to function well in a high growth, fast paced environment. Comfortable with ambiguous situations, recognizing when it's appropriate to introduce more structure and process without derailing the current output. The HRBP will possess strong interpersonal skills and have the ability to build solid relationships based on trust.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide partnership and support in the areas of organizational design, organizational development including succession strategy, talent development and employee engagement.
Identify and address critical organizational and people issues, and remove barriers impeding the success of the business.
Identify and develop key talent and ensure they are provided with experiences that enable development and retention.
Build performance management capabilities by coaching leaders to effectively address performance issues and deliver effective feedback.
Coordinate with the COEs and Global HR partners to deliver HR programs to the business, including Engagement Survey, Leadership Developments Programs, Annual Rewards, Workforce Planning.
Deliver short-term solutions while also solving for long-term problems by addressing immediate challenges and underlying causes.
Use data to measure success: learn, iterate, and improve; analyze trends and develop proactive actions to further support business objectives.
Communicate to a diverse population and be able to flex your style according to the audience.
Build relationships with senior business leaders to offer thought leadership on organizational and people-related strategy and execution.
Flexible and agile approach to personal, interpersonal and leadership style.
REQUIREMENTS
3+ years of HR Business Partner experience, partnering directly with senior leaders
BA or BS degree.
Ability to establish relationships and partnerships (internal and external) at all levels of the organization.
Exhibit strong leadership and influencing skills, decision quality and resiliency
and design, implement, and lead change management initiatives.
Demonstrates empathy and experience driving inclusion work.
Demonstrates project management and change management experience.
Demonstrated experience learning and thriving in a constantly changing environment and to cultivate relationships across teams.
Experience using data to identify insights that drive action.
Experience helping global and/or matrixed organizations scale.
Demonstrated experience strategic problem solving
Consulting, coaching and facilitation skills.
Ability to handle ambiguity with ease.
Superb judgment and integrity, including excellent decision making skills and a sense of urgency.
Ability to work both tactically and strategically to get business needs met.
Attention to detail and the ability to effectively handle multiple priorities.
Exceptional verbal communication and presentation skills."
27	30+ days ago	The College Board	Talent Recruiter	"The Team
The Talent team at College Board shapes the workforce that will positively impact millions of students across the world. The team is responsible for designing, building, and implementing effective talent strategies to enable o ur impact and outcomes.
The Opportunity
At College Board, we are on a mission to discover the top, diverse talent needed to drive our mission and impact . Recruiters are at the heart of this; they work directly with hiring managers and sourcers to f ind , compel, assess, and matriculate candidates and ensure a best-in-class recruitment experience for all stakeholder s . Recruiters report into the Executive Director of Talent and work across many divisions, including Operations, Finance, Marketing and Communications, Advanced Placement (AP), and Research.

Primary Responsibilities
Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Manage full-cycle recrui ting for multiple searches to bring the best talent to each role and ensuring a positive candidate experience
Collaborate with hiring manager to understand hiring needs and goals, and to develop, implement, and execute a custom hiring strategy
Identify and engage unique and/or passive candidates through creative sourcing techniques
Conduct initial resume reviews and phone screens with prospective candidates
Facilitate interview and hiring discussions with interviewers and hiring managers
Drive offer process - including extending offers, closing candidates, generating offer letters
Manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, and proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders
Build strong, credible relationships with senior leaders and critical stakeholders, operating as a trusted advisor and business partner
Stay updated on trends in education and recruitment, and bring fresh and innovative ideas to the work
Support the representation of College Board at career fairs and other recruitment events
Lead and assist with various Talent Acquisition related special projects on an ongoing or ad hoc basis.
Minimum Qualifications
The ideal candidate is an innovative and strategic thinker, patient, detail-oriented, and has outstanding interpersonal skills.
2-5 years of full-time recruiting experience
Experience partnering with managers, interviewers, and team members throughout the hiring process
Experience using an Applicant Tracking System; Workday preferred
Strong organization and prioritization skills and the proven ability to move forward multiple projects in concert, both independently and as a member of the team
Adept problem-solving skills, including using data to inform decisions and actions
Proven ability to build relationships and influence others to action
A passion for supporting the educational opportunities for millions of students
A demonstrable commitment to diversity and inclusion
Once COVID travel restrictions are lifted, travel 3-5 times a year to our NYC office could be required
Preferred Qualifications
General knowledge of HR principles, employment, and immigration laws
Ability to write job descriptions and compelling recruitment advertisements
Highly professional ability to maintain tact and confidentiality at all times
Bachelor’s degree preferred"
28	30+ days ago	IT'SUGAR	Human Resources Business Partner- West Coast Remote	"Who we are...
IT’SUGAR was founded to create an environment that fosters the greatest feeling of happiness and humor; that allows you to smile and laugh out loud without judgement. Expanding rapidly, with over 100 locations nationwide, IT’SUGAR aspires to a future where everyone has access to the pure joy that comes from indulging in a world with fewer rules and more sugar.
There are three major things that differentiate IT’SUGAR from other candy retailers. One is the product – an unconventional twist on traditional candy store goods that focus on the humorous and outlandish. Second is the ambiance – full of bright colors, loud music, and lighthearted rebellion. Third is the people – passionate, optimistic, and energetic.
JOB PURPOSE
The HR Business Partner drives our mission by working with District Managers to ensure IT’SUGAR is a great place to work for all our employees. This role is both hands-on and strategic and provides expertise in the areas of employee relations, workforce planning, performance management, compensation, employee retention, coaching/development, conflict management and ad hoc projects as necessary. The HRBP would support 4 District Managers and 60 store locations in the Southwest, Northwest, Texas, and Midwest markets. Our team achieves results by being Optimistic, Versatile, and Passionate. IT’SUGAR HR Business Partners are passionate about their work and help deliver positive change every day.
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIESConsults with assigned District Managers, providing HR guidance when appropriate.Analyzes trends and metrics in partnership with the HR group to develop solutions, programs and policies.Manages and resolves complex employee relations issues. Conducts effective, thorough and objective investigations.Maintains in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. Partners with Chief People and Culture Officer and legal, when necessary.Provides day-to-day performance management guidance to District Managers and Store Managers (e.g., coaching, counseling, career development, disciplinary actions).Supports store recruitment efforts and develops talent acquisition strategy for assigned districts.Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.Provides HR policy guidance and interpretation.Monitors training programs to ensure success. Follows up to ensure training are completed.Facilitates Store Manager Training ProgramsAdministers the performance evaluation programSupports engagement efforts to cultivate a positive and productive workplaceFacilitate the off-boarding process and conducts exit interviews for Store ManagersFacilitates the Hiring and Onboarding process for Store Managers and District ManagersEstablishes strong relationships and collaborates well with HR colleaguesPerforms other related duties as assigned.
 JOB HOLDER’S REQUIREMENTSExcellent verbal and written communication skills.Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.Ability to comprehend, interpret, and apply the appropriate sections of applicable laws, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, and policies.Ability to acquire a thorough understanding of the organization’s hierarchy, jobs, qualifications, compensation practices, and the administrative practices related to those factors.Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or related software.
 EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATIONBachelor’s degree in Human Resources or related field requiredMinimum of 2 years of experience resolving complex employee relations issues.Working knowledge of multiple human resource disciplines, including compensation practices, organizational diagnosis, employee relations, diversity, performance management, and federal and state respective employment laws.SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) credential preferredExperience supporting retail stores preferred
Want to learn more about us?
Visit our Website:www.itsugar.com
Visit us on Facebook:www.facebook.com/itsugar
Visit us on Twitter:www.twitter.com/itsugar"
29	30+ days ago	Amazon.com Services LLC	Principal, Employee Relations - Americas	"At least eight years direct experience in employee relations, labor relations, or labor/employment law with an emphasis on labor and employee relations work
Bachelor’s degree required; advanced degree, JD, or other specialized training in labor/employee relations a significant plus
Experience in designing and delivering successful training programs
Technically proficient in MS Word, Excel, Access, & PowerPoint, with ability to become proficient with HTML a plus

This position requires an individual who has significant employee and labor relations experience, deep subject matter knowledge, and strong communication and interpersonal skills that enables the individual to work successfully on a broad spectrum of employee and labor relations issues and projects. The position supports the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Americas operations.

The central objective of Amazon’s Employee Relations (ER) team is to ensure our organization’s treatment of employees is fair, respectful, and consistent with our framework of our core business values and objectives. To support that objective, this position’s responsibilities fall into proactive and reactive categories.

The individual will work as a project manager on proactive programs that improve local and network employee relations. The individual, for example, will work proactively to:


Partner with Senior Managers and HR teams to create and sustain positive ER programs and best practices · Design and conduct multiple positive labor relations trainings and communications in partnership with Employment Legal teams
Design, collect, and analyze multiple levels of employee feedback
Partner to engage in continuous improvement in communication vehicles and practices
Analyze, diagnose, design, and revise people programs, policies, and practices to sustain positive ER.

The individual also will work reactively on critical ER issues that are crisis-oriented, claims requiring investigative action, or escalations from Senior Leadership or HR. These matters are ones that typically can only be successfully completed with limited time. Balancing time between projects and crisis-response is a critical component for success in the position.

The position reports to the Principal, AWS ER, and the role can be remotely based. This is a full-time position that may require significant travel, up to 35-45% of the time over the course of the year to the various AWS locations, which includes locations throughout the Americas.


Solid understanding of federal and state employment & labor laws, with some exposure to LATAM and/or Canadian labor laws
Team player with strong written and oral communication skills; excellent public speaker
Strong interpersonal and persuasion skills, enabling individual to establish partnerships working with senior leaders and across organizational lines
Able to handle confidential information in a mature and professional manner
Highly analytical thinker and problem solver
Proven attention to detail; extremely organized
Acts with sense of urgency, bias for action, fast pace, and desire to thrive in a dynamically growing environment
High-quality judgment and sound decision-making
Strong project and time management skills with ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects to closure
Confident and innovative thinker; isn’t satisfied with “checking the box” or just pulling out “what we did at my last job”
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
30	7 days ago	Salesforce	Internal Careers Recruiter (Contractor)	"To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
Job Category
Recruiting
Job Details
We have an exciting opportunity to join our growing team as an Internal Careers Recruiter. We are looking for an ambitious, self-motivated all-star Recruiter to join our Talent Development organization. We build talent communities by uniting tried and true recruiting techniques with the latest in the market, to create and grow relationships for long-term engagement. You will have direct access to hiring managers while working closely to build strategies with our talented recruiting teams and Employee Success partners. You must have the bold ability to sift through our internal applicant pool and help streamline the internal recruiting process.
Role Responsibilities:
Act as a talent consultant for internal employees at salesforce
Partner and influence cross-functional stakeholders within the internal recruiting process
Be an advocate and for our internal careers recruiting program
Manage the entire hiring process from initial phone screen to offer acceptance
Participate on the worldwide recruiting team in implementing and executing recruiting programs and strategies to fill current openings and help build an ongoing, healthy pipeline of qualified candidates
Act as a first line ambassador to internal candidates by filtering, screening, and actively engaging talent within the company
Learning the profiles within your supported Talent Communities, so that you can help best match candidates with the appropriate opportunities
Partner with other departments (Finance, Compensation, Employee Success) to drive the recruiting process
Pipelining exceptional candidates for future opportunities at Salesforce
Basic Requirements:
Bachelor's degree with 3+ years of full cycle recruiting experience, preferably focused on internal talent
Proven track record of excellent customer service
Ability to build relationships by phone and in person with top tier talent and key stakeholders
Experience partnering and influencing hiring managers and executives throughout the recruiting cycle
Desire to act as an internal employee career consultant
Successfully deliver on all deadlines and flawlessly execute in a very fast-paced environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Shining track record of success in a fast pace, totally frenetic environment
Improve the imperfect. If you bump into something that is broken, you love to fix it
Experience partnering and influencing Senior level Hiring Managers and Executives throughout the recruiting cycle
Working knowledge of ATS tools and technologies
For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $64,000. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com/
Accommodations
If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."
31	30+ days ago	The College Board	Talent Recruiter	"The Team
The Talent team at College Board shapes the workforce that will positively impact millions of students across the world. The team is responsible for designing, building, and implementing effective talent strategies to enable o ur impact and outcomes.
The Opportunity
At College Board, we are on a mission to discover the top, diverse talent needed to drive our mission and impact . Recruiters are at the heart of this; they work directly with hiring managers and sourcers to f ind , compel, assess, and matriculate candidates and ensure a best-in-class recruitment experience for all stakeholder s . Recruiters report into the Executive Director of Talent and work across many divisions, including Operations, Finance, Marketing and Communications, Advanced Placement (AP), and Research.

Primary Responsibilities
Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Manage full-cycle recrui ting for multiple searches to bring the best talent to each role and ensuring a positive candidate experience
Collaborate with hiring manager to understand hiring needs and goals, and to develop, implement, and execute a custom hiring strategy
Identify and engage unique and/or passive candidates through creative sourcing techniques
Conduct initial resume reviews and phone screens with prospective candidates
Facilitate interview and hiring discussions with interviewers and hiring managers
Drive offer process - including extending offers, closing candidates, generating offer letters
Manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, and proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders
Build strong, credible relationships with senior leaders and critical stakeholders, operating as a trusted advisor and business partner
Stay updated on trends in education and recruitment, and bring fresh and innovative ideas to the work
Support the representation of College Board at career fairs and other recruitment events
Lead and assist with various Talent Acquisition related special projects on an ongoing or ad hoc basis.
Minimum Qualifications
The ideal candidate is an innovative and strategic thinker, patient, detail-oriented, and has outstanding interpersonal skills.
2-5 years of full-time recruiting experience
Experience partnering with managers, interviewers, and team members throughout the hiring process
Experience using an Applicant Tracking System; Workday preferred
Strong organization and prioritization skills and the proven ability to move forward multiple projects in concert, both independently and as a member of the team
Adept problem-solving skills, including using data to inform decisions and actions
Proven ability to build relationships and influence others to action
A passion for supporting the educational opportunities for millions of students
A demonstrable commitment to diversity and inclusion
Once COVID travel restrictions are lifted, travel 3-5 times a year to our NYC office could be required
Preferred Qualifications
General knowledge of HR principles, employment, and immigration laws
Ability to write job descriptions and compelling recruitment advertisements
Highly professional ability to maintain tact and confidentiality at all times
Bachelor’s degree preferred"
32	Today	Geotab	Human Resources Business Partner	Who we are:Geotab is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work.” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Marketplace, offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.*Who are you: *The Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) acts as a trusted advisor to their designated business groups and supports their teams in all facets of Human Resources and associated employee related business decisions.*What you'll do:*The strategic HRBP develops, implements, supports and monitors Human Resources initiatives and ensures alignment with overall Geotab goals, policies and business initiativesHow you'll make an impact: Accountable for the strategic direction of HR support for designated functional group while ensuring strategic direction aligns with overall organizational strategy.Partner with senior leaders within the functional group.Ensure cross border consistency with handling of ER issues as legally allowable and report on performance management trends.Lead team meetings with other HRBPs within the functional group.Follow responsibilities matrix (RACI) - investigations, PIP management, career development, etc.Take a consultative and collaborative approach to support and provide HR solutions within designated business groups.Participate, develop and execute HR strategies, goals, objectives and projects in support of Geotab growth, people development and increased engagement and retention.Build relationships, advise and coach employees and leadership on HR practices.Proactively assess, diagnose and develop solutions to organizational challenges within designated business groups.Provide day-to-day performance management guidance to leadership (coaching, counselling, career development, disciplinary actions).Manage and resolve complex employee relations issues, maintain appropriate records of investigations and advise stakeholders in the progression of such cases.Maintain in-depth knowledge of legislative requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks to ensure compliance.Develop, implement and administer new HR initiatives.Assist with the introduction of new or revised policies and process changes to ensure that teams are appropriately equipped and continuously supported in introducing and managing these changes.Work with leadership on process improvements, programs and policies and facilitating changes.Collaborate with the HR team and department managers regarding recruitment needs and fulfillment.Gather and analyze data with useful HR metrics.Conduct effective, thorough and objective investigations when required; produce findings and recommend courses of action.Ensure strict adherence to Geotab policies on Google sharing rights to confidential HR/employee information.Provide expert project leadership and guidance to team as HR SME:Provide direction, coaching and mentorship to the team; ensure other HRBPs or HRGs on the team are aligned with the strategy by providing direction and assigning tasks as needed.Support the development of the team by coaching, providing feedback, identifying areas of growth and training opportunities.Collaborate and support employees and leadership during the performance management process, meeting KPAs and career development planning.Support Geotab global strategic initiatives.Participate in various health and safety activities, and have a high awareness and keen interest in employee safety legislation.Previous experience in manufacturing/logistics environment considered an asset.What you'll bring to this role: 3-5 years experience as an HR Business Partner.Experience with human resources policies and procedures.Solid understanding of employee relations and employment legislation.Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and relationship management skills.Excellent analytical skills with the ability to problem solve to well-judged decisions.Strategic mindset, has a keen sense of priorities, along with an ability to pivot as the landscape changes.Able to work well under pressure and respond to fast changing priorities and deadlines.Highly organized and able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.Strong project management skills; able to identify needs, develop effective solutions and manage projects through to completion.A strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization.Technical competence using software programs, including, but not limited to, Google Suite for business (Sheets, Docs, Slides.)Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization.Why job seekers choose Geotab:Work from home and flex work arrangementsBaby bonusHome office reimbursement programOnline learning and networking opportunitiesElectric vehicle purchase incentive programFull medical benefits & 4% 401k company matching RSP (full-time employees only)How we work:At Geotab, we understand that the world is always changing and that we need to change with it. Geotab has adopted a hybrid model for working, including a flexible work from home program, with the opportunity to work in our safe, clean offices. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!Geotab provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Geotab complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Geotab expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Geotab's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.Job Type: Full-time
33	1 day ago	The MENTOR Network	Human Resources Generalist	"As the HR Generalist you will support our Corporate team with employee relations, facilitate training programs, manage local workers compensation, and collaborate with HR leadership to implement policies and initiatives.

This is a remote position and can be located anywhere in the US.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to satisfactorily perform each essential function listed below:
Monitor and analyze turnover to develop, recommend, and implement activities to improve employee retention.
Facilitate new employee orientation and on-boarding activities. Provide input to improve and further develop new employee orientation and other training and development programs.
Assist in assessing training needs. Counsel leaders and employees about on-the-job and formal training opportunities to develop new skills and prepare for advancement.
Develop, coordinate, and conduct new leader trainings to ensure leaders understand and can effectively carry out their new leadership responsibilities. Develop and conduct training for employees and leaders regarding human resources issues.
Coach managers on employee relations issues. Respond to employee concerns and conduct investigations. Elevate issues to HR Managers and/or Directors and Legal as appropriate.
Collaborate with safety staff and support implementation of safety initiatives.
Ensure maintenance of confidential documents and files related to employees.
Work with Compensation to conduct job analysis for positions within the business unit to determine appropriate salary level according to compensation guidelines and policy. Regularly monitor market compensation data.
Prepare, maintain, and analyze a variety of metrics, reports, and statistics.
Perform other related duties and activities as required.

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or abilities required to perform the job:
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree
Three years’ experience in human resources
PHR preferred

Why Join Us?

Full compensation/benefits package for employees working 30+ hours/week.
401(k) with company match.
Paid time off and holiday pay.
Complex work adding value to the organization’s mission alongside a great team of co-workers.
Enjoy job security with nationwide career development and advancement opportunities.
We have meaningful work for you – come join our team – Apply Today
The MENTOR Network is a national network of local health and human services providers offering an array of quality, community-based services to adults and children with intellectual and developmental disabilities, brain and spinal cord injuries, and to youth with emotional, behavioral and medically complex challenges, as well as their families; and to elders in need of support. At The MENTOR Network, our core values—Integrity, Respect, Inclusion & Growth—and the behaviors that define them, guide how we interact with each other and how we approach our work. With Corporate operations located in the Boston Seaport, Lawrence, Massachusetts and Edina, Minnesota, we strive to support our ~35,000 employees serving ~30,000 individuals in nearly 40 states. As an organization of people serving people, positive and productive relationships are vital to the work we do.
Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/vets"
34	19 days ago	MAXIMUS	HR Specialist (San Antonio)	"Essential Job Duties (Text Only): - A Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in related field. - PHR preferred - 2+ years related work experience HR in lieu of Degree - Travel 15% Internal Candidates: (Additional Requirements) - No Active DA above a verbal - Must be in current job role 6 months - Must be meeting current department metrics - Excellent Attendance Location: San Antonio, TX – will start as a remote position with at least 2 days on-site (eventually move to on-site permanently.) Job Description Summary WD USA:

Â Job Summary:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Responsible for providing human resources support including but not limited to company policies, recruiting, onboarding, providing employment law expertise, and solving employee relations problems such as investigations, mediations, progressive discipline, employment terminations, etc.Track performance ratings and compile HR-related statistics for assigned group(s).Update employee records with changes and/or corrections in employment status, including salary, position information, scheduled hours, and personal information.Assist hiring managers in choosing appropriate company jobs to best suit business needs; draft or edit new job descriptions as need arises.Collaborate with Recruiting team throughout the recruitment process; serve as intermediary between Recruiting and hiring manager.Communicate effectively with other Human Resources teams and departments as necessary.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in related field required.3-5 years of related professional experience required.
Project/Position Introduction (MAX 500 Characters): Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status."
35	1 day ago	Medallia, Inc.	People Operations Coordinator (Remote)	"Medallia’s mission is to help companies win through customer experience. The world’s best-loved brands trust Medallia’s Experience Cloud™, which embeds the pulse of the customer in an organization and empowers employees with the real-time customer data, insights, and tools they need to make every experience great. Named a leader in the most recent Forrester Wave and ranked in the 2018 Forbes Cloud 100 list, Medallia is growing quickly, with a global footprint that spans Silicon Valley, Austin, New York, Washington DC, London, Paris, Sydney, Buenos Aires, Tel Aviv, and Prague. Here, we value people for each of the aspects that make them whole. We believe that people should not be defined only by a job title—nobody is ""just an engineer"" or ""just a salesperson."" We are each partners, parents, children, siblings, friends, and former classmates. We have different backgrounds and we celebrate different cultures. And, just like our product, we honor each of the experiences that build our people.
At Medallia we hire the whole person, not just a part of them.
Role
The People Operations Coordinator partners with the broader People and Culture team to process employee transactions in our HRIS ensuring that changes are routed through the proper channels and data is accurate and compliant in the system. The Coordinator will gain exposure to different areas of the organization based on business need and personal career interest by supporting the full-cycle employee experience programs.
Responsibilities
Process post-offer transactions including background checks, hire transactions, global right to work/I-9s, start date changes
Enter contingent workforce transactions in Workday
Initiate IT equipment and account provisioning for new hires
Send new hire welcome communications
Initiate transfers and relocations for new hires and employees
Process employee and HR Business Partner requests supporting the employee lifecycle including employee/job data changes, transfers, promotions, terminations, time off adjustments, contingent worker extensions
Audit Workday data for accuracy and consistency
Escalate process and data inconsistencies
Meet SLAs for transaction processing
Support ad hoc projects and reports
Minimum Qualifications
1+ years experience in a Coordination, Administrative and/or Assistant role.
Proficiency with Google Suite and Microsoft Office Suite
Strong work ethic and ability to handle sensitive and confidential information with discretion
High attention to detail and the ability to remain organized and multitask even when presented with high volumes of people or information


Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
Strong written, oral, and presentation skills
Experience in Talent Acquisition, Human Resources, or Sales
Exposure/experience with an Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) and/or Human Resources Information System (HRIS)
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team
At Medallia, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it and recognize the value it brings to our customers and employees. Medallia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. Equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees. We won't unlawfully discriminate on the basis of gender identity or expression, race, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, physical or mental disability, Veteran status, sexual orientation, and any other category protected by law. We also consider all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
Medallia is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities in accordance with the American Disabilities Act and local disability laws.
For information regarding how Medallia collects and uses personal information, please review our Privacy Policies."
36	30+ days ago	Levi Strauss & Co.	Head of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Programs and Operations (Remote)	"JOB DESCRIPTION
You're an original. So are we .
We're a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we've used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi's®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
The Head of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Programs & Operations is responsible for implementing and translating LS&Co.’s global DEI strategy into organizational initiatives, programs and practice.
The Head of DEI is a critical thought leader and expertise partner to the Chief Diversity, Equity & Inclusion officer that will help develop and lead the implementation of long-term DE&I vision and goals, operationalize and scale global initiatives (from ideation to implementation and assessment), support the management of the US team and be accountable for the successful execution and impact of key global & US programs.
The ideal candidate have a high level of cultural competence and be an inclusive leader. , a proven track record of project management, possess strong analytical skills and ability to translate metrics, research, and trends into strategy. In addition to the ability to initiate and maintain positive relationships, build trust, inclusion & influence with LS&Co. employees and leaders globally.
Key Responsibilities
Serve as a leader, advisor, advocate, catalyst for change, and institutional resource focused on instilling DEI into global talent and business programs and activities , supervising progress toward these goals and working with appropriate internal teams and external stakeholders to communicate/drive progress.
Oversee and drive global DEI initiatives directly and through management of DEI, People & Culture/Recruiting team members & business leaders from assessing need, ideation, vendor or resource sourcing/ management, implementation, marketing & evaluation. (i.e., self-identification, training, talent development, mentoring, etc.)
Act as an enabler and innovator of LS&Co.’s global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) by supporting the development and growth of the ERG strategy and growth goals in partnership with the Senior Manager DEI and peer leaders in global regions and clusters.
Design and lead the DEI Index and recognition strategy focused on building awareness of LS&Co.’s innovative efforts, path and progress towards DEI goals, helping shape and develop our employer brand, industry leadership and ESG profile in partnership with the Senior Manager DEI.
Develop and build the (first-ever) annual DEI Impact Report , a comprehensive overview of LS&Co.’s DEI efforts globally, including programs, initiatives, training, ERGs, legislation, activism, advocacy, representation, cultural initiatives and brand activations.
Coordinate global DEI operations (training, ERG’s, talent development initiatives, etc.) in partnership with peer DEI leaders in learning and talent development and global regions/clusters.
Support and provide critical insights to drive the DEI communications strategy in collaboration with HR communications, Corporate Affairs, Public Affairs and The Levi Strauss Foundation.
Evaluate and summarize People & Culture reports that reflect the well-being of the organization (including employee engagement and climate surveys) and capability to achieve DEI goals. Recommend strategy and solutions to close gaps.
Continually review current and future diversity, equity, and inclusion trends, progress and goals, identifying strengths, gaps, key drivers, ideas and opportunities for continuous improvement.
Qualifications & Education
7-9 years of direct DE&I, HR, culture, learning & development & change management (or combined) experience. Diversity certification a plus.
Exceptional knowledge of effective practices for diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace - drawing on a passion for continuous improvement.
Strong influencing and people leadership and the vision to build and sustain a culture of accountability, ownership, and delivery among stakeholders.
Ability to work with cross-functional teams that do not have a direct, formal reporting structure.
Comfortable with data and able to analyze and communicate data intelligently and with insight. Ability to assimilate complex, ambiguous information from a wide variety of sources to inform decisions.
Experience in working in an international/global and decentralized organization, building relationships with key stakeholders and ability to influence and deliver results.
Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal, facilitation and presentation skills, able to build trust, display empathy and facilitate courageous conversations.
Ability to apply the latest research to work and be evidence-based when developing a strategy.
Skilled at organizational change, with the ability to lead multiple multi-layered projects with stakeholders at different levels globally.
Basic understanding of US state, federal, and country laws, that may impact or regulate diversity, equality, and inclusion-related practices.
Demonstrated skills facilitating dialogue with and among employees to cultivate an environment of inclusiveness, collegiality, shared inquiry, shared responsibility, and collective accomplishment.
Comfortable operating as part of a distributed team as well as working independently.
We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
401K match: $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
Paid Family Leave
#LI-Remote
EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
LOCATION
San Francisco, CA, USA
FULL TIME/PART TIME
Full time
Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account."
37	14 days ago	Ascension	Executive Administrator Chief of Staff Human Resources	"We Are Hiring:

Executive Administrator/Chief of Staff Human Resources
Full-Time/ Exempt
Location: Remote
What You Will Do:

An Executive Administrator/Chief of Staff allows the Executive to scale and gives them back their most important resource: time.
Thanks to the proactive, behind-the-scenes work of an Executive Administrator/Chief of Staff, Executives are able to make better and faster decisions, have greater ability to drive high performance by developing deeper relationships with their team, and are more equipped to hold people accountable to their commitments.
Job Responsibilities
Direct Support to the Executive
Proactively guide a leader’s strategic priorities: helping a leader identify the areas where they must direct their focus and identifying metrics for success. Revisiting regularly and evaluating progress.
Meeting preparation and follow up: reviewing upcoming meetings for the week to ensure the leader has all of the information needed to be as productive as possible. Send out agendas or documents to meeting attendees as necessary. Take meeting notes and track meeting action items.
Manage internal and external communications: writing first drafts of decks, emails, documents etc. for the Executive.
Help complete priority items for the Executive to an appropriate level of quality.
Keep the Executive accountable for commitments, while helping keep direct reports accountable for results.
Meeting & Event Preparation
Managing the meeting cadence for the leader’s direct leadership team, ensuring materials are sent in advance, time is well spent, and objectives are achieved.
Project Management
Tracking high priority initiatives for the Executive, identifying any obstacles and facilitating resolution.
Strategic Initiatives
Providing decision support through data gathering, information analyzing, and presenting considerations to relevant stakeholders.
Identifying and participating in certain strategic national projects (e.g., ABIDE).
Help coordinate business-wide procedures and work to improve existing processes for maximum clarity, efficiency, and success.
Team Management
Work with leaders on various cross-functional tasks/projects
Act as a central source of information.
Help align leaders on internal processes.
Experience:
5+ years of experience organizing and managing senior executives in complex sets of responsibilities and relationships, preferably in large, matrixed, multi-site organization
Possess a Bachelor’s degree, Business Management or related field preferred.
Proven track record of effectively interacting with and supporting senior management.
Strong ability to think strategically and proactively in order to make recommendations that align strategy with action.
Proven creative thinker with strong business acuity.
Detail-oriented and data-driven.
Ability to analyze and compile large sets of data and present effective reports.
Proficiency with G Suite products.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build trust.
Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across the organization
Ability to successfully organize, lead, and direct teams of people.
Possess an encouraging, can-do attitude.
Self-motivated and self-sufficient.
Strong time management and multitasking skills.
Experienced with coordinating and managing projects.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Must Have:
Demonstrated partnerships at the highest executive level and provided examples
Experience with clear results on driving projects and some closure, project management and background to execute those items.
Self-starter/ hearing leaders discuss projects and then explain, ""This is how I would ......""

What You Will Need:

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Why Join Our Team:

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all. In FY2020, Ascension provided $2.4 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs. Ascension includes more than 160,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers across a national network of ministries. We offer rewarding careers across more than 2,600 sites of care – including 146 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 19 states and the District of Columbia.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:

Ascension is an equal opportunity employer (EEO) and affords equal opportunity to all associates and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.
E-Verify Statement:

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify
Right to Work"
38	1 day ago	National Education Partners	Talent Acquisition Partner	"SUMMARY:
NEP is seeking a dynamic Talent Acquisition professional that enjoys an ever-changing, entrepreneurial, and quickly growing environment, with great opportunity to step into an influential, exciting role responsible for full-cycle recruitment and driving recruiting success. This will be achieved through the development of local and national recruiting plans, employing traditional sourcing strategies and resources as well as developing new, creative recruiting ideas. The Talent Acquisition Partner will play a critical role in ensuring the attraction and employment of top talent with a primary focus on recruitment of academic (e.g. Faculty and academic support staff) and operational positions (e.g. Enrollment, Student Services, Finance, Marketing, etc.) while working in a fun yet fast-paced, metric-driven, team environment. Talent Acquisition professionals who have demonstrated a career of success in recruiting top talent should apply!
What You’ll Do:
Execute recruitment efforts for all National Education Partners
Partner with hiring managers and Human Resource Partners to outline the needs of the hiring manager and the requirements and expectations of the position.
Assist with the calculation of staffing metrics.
Source and recruit candidates using a variety of outlets, such as job postings and social media, while effectively targeting high-quality candidates for the position. Seek out and recommend creative new ways of sourcing talent.
Develop a pool of qualified candidates by posting open positions to appropriate Internet sources and job boards.
Attend career job fairs for meeting recruitment needs and enhancing University recognition.
Coordinate the interview process, including pre-screening of resumes, sending application packets, arranging interviews, and facilitating skills testing, as needed.
Perform reference and background checks for potential employees.
Follow up with selected candidates by sending offer letters and new hire packets.
Completes necessary new hire paperwork for personnel files.
Maintain ATS, databases and spreadsheets of recruitment activities.
Maintain relationships with temporary agencies to fill temporary employment needs.
Assist with the creation of job descriptions.
Conduct regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementation.
Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the industry through attendance of educational seminars, networking, and industry events.
Assist with other functions as directed by the Director, Talent Acquisition.
Reasonable and consistent attendance to fulfill the requirements of the position.
Who You Are:
Knowledge of HR policies and practices.
Knowledge of federal and state laws regarding hiring practices.
Experience in virtual recruitment (social media, LinkedIn, resume sourcing).
Excellent Communicator – Your interpersonal skills are unmatched.
Problem Solver – If we got a problem, you’ll solve it. You are the go to person in your office.
You can keep a secret – Experience maintaining confidentiality with issues of a sensitive nature.
Ability to effectively manage employee relations.
You are commended for your prioritization and multi-tasking skills.
You are a fantastic communicator able to connect with all levels of staff and outside vendors.
Tech Savvy - Proficient with Microsoft Word and other applications in the Microsoft Office suite.
You have a sense of humor. No joke… well actually joke. You know what we mean…
What You Have:
Bachelor's degree with focus in Human Resources or a related field required.
At least (3) years of Human Resources recruitment experience.
Experience working with applicant tracking systems, we use Jobvite so experience there is a plus.
Experience working in a technology-driven enterprise.
What We Offer:
Remote Position with a competitive salary
Medical, Dental and Vision with a comprehensive wellness program
Employer-paid Short-Term Disability Insurance
401K with employer match
Free Tuition to team members and immediate family members
Purchase Program Discounts
8 Paid Holidays
Competitive PTO Plan
WORKING CONDITIONS:
This position operates in a remote, home office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, printers, and phones.
Good working environment with the absence of disagreeable conditions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Regular and reliable attendance is required."
39	6 days ago	WEX Inc.	Talent Acquisition Specialist	"WEX Global Talent Acquisition team is at the forefront of attracting, sourcing, and hiring great talent that builds and delivers products that change WEX for good. We provide a best-in-class experience for candidates and hiring teams, and we have a ton of fun along the way. Our culture and people are integral to our growth and success.
We are looking for a Talent Acquisition Specialist who will be primarily responsible for full life-cycle recruitment and staffing activities for WEX. In this role you must be prepared to work independently as an individual contributor and as part of a team in the global talent acquisition recruiting function.
You will be responsible for all recruiting efforts for all assigned functions and or lines of business roles assigned and will collaborate with the broader recruiting team, business leaders, and other stakeholders to design and implement recruiting strategies to attract and retain top talent.
This is a junior level position , ideal for the right candidate looking to grow with our organization. The Talent Acquisition Specialist will be an expert and have a passion for keeping abreast of trends and innovative recruiting techniques in order to remain competitive and deliver a world-class experience to our partners and candidates.
We are looking for someone who can:
Manage the full recruitment lifecycle, these include:
Review employment applications and job postings to match applicants with job requirements
Conduct and manage hiring manager posting intake
Schedule candidate and hiring manager interviews
Phone Screen and interview job applicants to obtain information on work history, training, education, and job skills
Inform job applicants of details such as duties and responsibilities, compensation, benefits, schedules, working conditions, and growth opportunities
Timely disposition candidates according to established GTA SOPs
Review and select qualified job applicants or refer them to managers, making hiring recommendations when appropriate
Initiate I-9 verification and background checks
Prepare and provide offers of employment
Maintain knowledge of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and affirmative action guidelines and laws, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
Train, coach and collaborate with hiring managers and other stakeholders about the recruiting and hiring process
Ensure data integrity and accuracy
Ability to create efficiencies and streamline the process
Assist and or lead in on-site and off-site career fairs for recruiting
Represent the company at community and company events
Speak to small and large groups about the company and open positions
Use appropriate tools and technology to ensure efficiency and effectiveness
Coordinate with appropriate associations to attend events in relation to targeting new hires
Project management skills
Regional travel of 15%-20%
Here is what you need to have:
Minimum of 2 years of related work work experience.
Stakeholder Management
Adaptability
Attention to detail
Project Management
Customer Service
Written Communication
Verbal Communication
Presentation
Time management
Multitasking
Relationship Building
Analytical Acumen
Account Management
Data Interpretation
Deductive reasoning
GTA Team Guiding Principles and Behaviors
Be authentically transparent
Seek and hire the best talent
Innovate and Simplify
Think Bigger
Take Ownership
Seek the highest standards
Challenge, disagree and commit
Learn and be curious
This job may be performed remotely within the United States, except that it is not eligible to be performed in Colorado."
40	30+ days ago	South City Hospital	Talent Acquisition Specialist (Human Resources; Full-time; Days; Remote Available)	"Description:

Description
The Talent Acquisition Specialist is responsible for full cycle recruiting, as well as creating and implementing a comprehensive and effective recruitment plan for the hospital. Will be responsible for providing a pipeline of candidates to vacant position through sourcing and recruiting talent.
This position is available remotely for candidates in the St. Louis Metro area.
JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
""*"" Denotes the essential job functions according to ADA guidelines.1. In a cost-effective manner, determines and utilizes appropriate sources for finding external candidates through advertising, direct contact, job fairs, social media platforms, networking, or other identified methods. Manages and plans recruitment and retention activities within the limits of the approved budget.2. Manages tracking system for applications and job requisitions. Oversees and is responsible for maintenance of applications and job requisitions.3. Develops, implements, maintains HR Recruitment Metrics (ie. turnover, vacancy rates).4. Assists directors, managers, and supervisors in determining appropriate salary offers based on a review of candidate experience, approved pay grades and the current staff pay rates. Obtains required approval for offers over range midpoint.5. Manages on-boarding process, including, but not limited to, criminal background checks, reference checks, professional license or certification verifications, scheduling physicals, preparing offer letters and on-boarding paperwork, and obtaining other post offer data necessary to process a new employee.6. Administers the internal transfer process. Acts as an advocate for in-house employees requesting transfer to an open position.7. Maintains communication with and keeps applicants and hiring managers informed as they move through the recruitment process.8. Develops relationships with the Lutheran School of Nursing and other nursing school programs to recruit talent.9. Reviews and makes necessary revisions to job descriptions as required, assuring compliance with regulatory guidelines and maintaining integrity of the hospital’s compensation philosophy and guidelines. Works with department managers and the HR Director on the creation of new jobs.10. Assists the Director with the compensation program for the hospital. Completes surveys in a timely manner, and analyzes data to maintain the hospital’s formal compensation structure. Stays abreast of market salary rates and recommends adjustments to Director.11. Maintains hospital professional licensure and certification tracking, ensuring that employees professional licensure and certification is active. Responsible for keeping the Nursys online nursing licensure data up to date with current nursing personnel.12. Enhances professional growth and development through participation in meaningful educational programs and by keeping current with literature related to human resources field.
13. Performs other duties as assigned.
Measured by: Supervisory observation and as reported by others.
. Requirements:

Requirements
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or related field or minimum 5 years related experience in lieu of education
LICENSING/REGISTRATION/CERTIFICATION:
Certified Internet Recruiter certification preferred
EXPERIENCE:
One or more years of recruitment experience
One year of experience in a healthcare field strongly preferred
One or more years experience with electronic applicant tracking systems required
SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to form effective working relationships
Demonstrated computer ability; experience with Microsoft Office products preferred
Working knowledge of Human Resources standards and laws related to full cycle recruitment
Ability to present materials 1:1, in front of a group (in-person or virtually)
Attention to detail
An individual without requisites stated above may present a written justification explaining the relevance of his/her background for a specific vacant position. Depending on organizational needs and availability of more qualified applicants, an applicant may have some or all requisites revised or waived at the hospital’s discretion."
41	2 days ago	APEX Service Partners	Talent Sourcing Specialist	"Summary
This is a spectacular opportunity to join a stable, recession-resistant PE backed company and partner with the senior leaders to help build out the organization’s talent function in many ways from the ground up.
The company, Apex Service Partners, is rapidly growing and needs a tenacious, performance-oriented Talent Sourcing Specialist who can bring proven high-volume sourcing ability, and a passion for creating enduring company cultures in an industry many overlook – the Skilled Trades. This Talent Acquisition professional will help improve upon the strategies and execution to drive sourcing, hiring and retention of world class technicians and managers. Driving top of funnel volume, the sourcer will partner with Regional Recruiters to increase market leader’s ability to select and promote great people.
The right professional will understand what a best-in-class, recruiting organization looks like and is interested in working on building that in a very hands-on but rewarding environment. There is tremendous growth opportunity from this role into a variety of Talent, HR, or sales careers!
Apex Service Partners Overview
 Apex Service Partners has been founded as a partnership of multiple leading businesses providing HVAC, plumbing and electrical services. While Apex’s “Partner Services” office was created just over a year ago, many of our companies have been successful for decades. This very fragmented industry is dominated by small and founder-owned businesses; our strategy is to execute significant organic growth initiatives and high-frequency partnerships – while building out best-in-class, professional departments like Talent Acquisition at the Partner Services level, where we serve all our companies. The right candidate will have the ability to impact sourcing across the system placing technicians and managers in local markets.
Job Overview
The Talent Sourcing Specialist will be an early player in building a highly scalable, best-in-class, recruiting organization supporting regional Residential Service businesses. The right person will help drive significant lead volume in technician and management roles across disparate systems, performing against weekly, monthly, and annual lead and hiring targets.
The Sourcing Specialist must have superior organization and communication skills, be competitive and passionate, be scrappy and hardworking, and enjoy making a difference and creating something that has not been done before, in professions that literally built our country and are, ironically, overlooked by many (until now!)
Key Job Responsibilities:
Reporting directly to the Director, Talent & People Ops and working very closely with the Regional Recruiting teams, the Sourcing Specialist will impact:
(70%) Sourcing: Own nearly all, top of funnel sourcing for Technician and Operational Management hires
Deploy, manage & measure inbound/outbound search strategies across traditional and non-traditional platforms (job postings, resume search, trade schools, social media, events, membership, or community organizations, etc.)
Engage, qualify, and nurture new leads, and usher them into the recruiting process
Build a pipeline of skilled trades professionals from entry to senior management levels
(10%) Metrics: Create and competitively impact people and business numbers
Contribute toward continuous improvement of Talent metrics reporting
Analyze and verify sourcing metrics to confirm/revise goals and audit systems adoption/implementation
Assist in building culture of performance accountability
(10%) Technology: Help implement and optimize scalable HR Technology
Help implement and optimize our ATS and CRM
Build expertise in sourcing systems and technologies to establish Best Practices system wide
(10%) Department Development: Contribute toward being an ""Employer of Choice"" working on various people projects and cross training
Assist with talent collateral creation, branding, social postings and/or content
Contribute feedback on employer brand as a system and in market specifics
Cross-train in various parts of broader HR and Talent based on individual strengths and career goals
Candidate Requirements
A successful candidate will have the following criteria & competencies:
Bachelor’s degree in business or related field preferred
2-5 years of prior high-volume sourcing experience
Highly motivated by personal performance targets, intensely driven to exceed goals
Capable of analyzing workflow metrics and presenting actionable recommendations
Strong ability to communicate and differentiate our employers from others; respects the trades
Intensely hands on & scrappy, but able to see the strategic vision of quintupling our business and being best in the industry
Excellent & disciplined, time management and organizational skills capable to managing quickly shifting priorities
The position will be based in Tampa, Florida and is mostly an in-office position. A flexible schedule, including a day/week working from home can be discussed once employee is trained, fully on-boarded and performing to job standards.
Compensation: Base + performance bonus"
42	20 days ago	Getlabs	HR Generalist	"Getlabs provides convenient at-home medical appointments - starting with lab tests. Rather than needing to go to laboratory facilities, patients pick a time and we send one of our phlebotomists to draw their samples. Once collected, we deliver to the top national laboratories including Labcorp and Quest Diagnostics.
Across healthcare, the inconvenience of needing to go to brick and mortar medical facilities drives 42% of patients to skip scheduled medical appointments. To solve this, telehealth companies have seen rapid adoption by providing convenient virtual care yet are limited to treating simple conditions such as erectile dysfunction, birth control, and acid reflux. The reason is simple: over 70% of medical conditions require lab tests. That's why we are creating the essential infrastructure which provides the missing piece for telehealth. By integrating Getlabs, telehealth unlocks the ability to provide end-to-end primary care and treat complex conditions without ever making patients leave their homes. Join us and lets transform healthcare to be more convenient and enjoyable for patients.
Our team has extensive domain expertise in technology, operations, and healthcare with team members from Y Combinator, Uber, DoorDash, Postmates, Sonder, Cisco, Labcorp, and Quest Diagnostics. Getlabs is backed by prominent venture capital firms including PivotNorth, Liquid 2, Tusk, Rosecliff, and more.
We are currently seeking a full-time Human Resources Generalist interested in joining a high-growth stage startup. The mandate of the HR Generalist is simple but challenging: help build out our people operations.
The HR Generalist will be a key business partner and will develop day-to-day HR operations ranging from employee onboarding and support, culture & communication, benefits, payroll and more.
Above all, we are seeking candidates who are self-starters and are resourceful, organized, detail-oriented, communicative, and friendly.
What you'll be doing:
Own the onboarding experience for all new hires including administering background checks, I9 verification, and new hire orientation.
Serve as the main point of contact for employee relations concerns, questions and guidance across the organization
Maintain, track and audit payroll and compensation changes as needed, assisting with bi-weekly payroll administration
Manage responses to general HR inbox, exit interview data and survey processing
Conduct open enrollment and provide ongoing education of company health and ancillary benefits to employees
Maintains knowledge of legal requirements and government reporting regulations affecting human resources functions in various cities
What we're looking for:
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources or related field or 5+ years experience
PHR and/or SHRM-CP preferred.
Phenomenal people skills and experience in hiring, training, coaching, and managing employees
Experience working with a start-up or rapid growth business preferred.
Experience with Checkr and Lever preferred
Strong change management skills and emotional intelligence
We have great benefits to make your life easier so you can focus on what you're best at:
Competitive salary
Valuable stock option plan
Medical, dental and vision insurance options
Flexible and unlimited vacation
A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of talented, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues!
Getlabs is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or other protected classes"
43	28 days ago	Numerated Growth Technologies, Inc.	People Operations Coordinator	"Overview /
As a People Operations Coordinator you will support the Employee Experience Manager and People Team making sure the company is running smoothly. You will oversee day to day office operations, while playing an integral role in maintaining our incredible remote work environment and office culture. You will be the face of the organization - interacting with prospective employees and current employees - ensuring a stellar experience.
Essential Responsibilities /
People Operations
Manage our HRIS and other People Team databases - organizing and maintaining employee records including benefits administration
Assist with employee onboarding - including all pre-first day activities and calendar invites
Assist with employee offboarding logistics
Maintain swag inventory and distribute as necessary
In partnership with the Talent Acquisition Manager, you will schedule interviews (panel and peer interviews) with candidates as they move through the selection process
Office Operations
Administrative tasks - answering telephone, miscellaneous e-filing, shipping, invoice management
Support employees by answering office related questions, requests for assistance, and directing them to information
Assist in organizing company sponsored events
Help maintain our office environment, as well as our remote work environment, as we grow and scale
Executive Assistance
Executive calendar management for CEO including working with external vendors, PR agencies, (any other details you can add here about what managing his calendar entails)
Education Requirements /
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resource, Business or a related field preferred
Work Experience Requirements /
Exceptional organizational skills, meticulous attention to detail, and the ability to maintain focus in fast paced environment
Extremely responsible with confidential information
Self-motivated and self-managed with a high degree of dependability
Sense of urgency - being able to prioritize and complete tasks with deadlines in mind
Effective oral and written communication skills
Have unending patience, thrive on getting things done, and have a true passion for employee support
Friendly, genuine, positive and professional attitude.
Must be local to Boston and have the ability to work in our downtown Boston office approximately one day per week, with remaining days remote optional
Prior experience in office administration or people operations a plus
About Numerated
Numerated is a fast-growing, venture-backed financial technology company powering digital transformation at banks. The platform makes originating bank products exceptionally easy by using data to remove work otherwise required from customers and lenders. Numerated works with over 100 banks and credit unions and has decisioned nearly $20 billion in lending. The Numerated platform was originally incubated inside one of the highest volume SBA banks in the country before spinning out of the bank in a high-profile round of venture capital financing. Investors include Patriot Financial Partners, FINTOP Capital, Hyperplane, and Venrock, one of the world’s leading venture capital firms with prior investments in Apple, DoubleClick, Endeca, and Intel. Numerated was recently recognized as one of the fastest growing fintechs in the world on CB Insights' ""2020 Fintech 250"" list, was named “2020’s Best Overall FinTech Software” by FinTech Breakthrough, and named “2020’s Most Innovative Industry Partner” by Barlow Research.
Our great people are at the heart of our company and key to our success. As a mostly remote workforce, we’re looking for more smart, driven, and down-to-earth Numerators to join our rapidly growing team. Our culture is open and flexible; our benefits range from 401(k) to care packages arriving at your house; and while we’re making a serious impact on banks, we always have time for witty puns and good laughs.
If you are interested in joining a collaborative team, working on pioneering technology, in an exciting phase of company growth – apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
6yOwBtCnex"
44	30+ days ago	iZOTOPE	People Operations & Payroll Specialist	"What’s it like to work at iZotope?
We’re the leaders in intelligent audio production and you’ll see that all iZotopians have a passion for what we do. Our company, our market and our customers are growing fast. This means all iZotope employees are engaged in interesting and challenging work. We have the opportunity to try new and different things and lots of room for career enrichment. We work with exceptional colleagues and foster an environment that empowers those closest to the work to make decisions and provide each other the support to move quickly and learn as we go. iZotope combines the excitement and pace of a startup with the stability and work/life balance of a market leader. Plus, it’s really cool to work for a company in the music and film industry!
iZotope is seeking a dynamic professional with both Payroll and Human Resources experience to join our People Operations team. As part of an agile People Ops team, you will share in the mindset and techniques that allow us to be adaptable to change while still ensuring an exceptional employee experience. The People Ops & Payroll Specialist ensures clear, consistent communication and collaboration between People Operations, Finance, and all other departments at iZotope while providing a responsive, high-touch approach for employee questions or inquiries.
This role is ideal for someone who is looking to grow and develop their competencies beyond the scope of traditional payroll processing through a variety of opportunities to collaborate with other teams and leverage employee data and technologies in the co-creation of solutions that deliver continuous value to the organization.
In addition to payroll, you will regularly work on key People Ops initiatives - particularly those that focus on streamlining information workflows, leveraging modern HR technology, maintaining compliance, optimizing the employee experience, ensuring internal equity, and promoting employee understanding of compensation and benefit offerings for our employees around the globe.
You Will:
Update, maintain, and administer all global payroll related information and documentation
Review and administer changes to salary, 401(k), benefits, withholdings, bank accounts
Manage associate relocations by maintaining and updating tax information in different locations
Perform consistent reconciliations of payroll, 401(k), and benefits data
Create and promote employee benefit education program and materials to ensure employees have access to updated information and clear understanding of pay and related benefit policies
Ensure accurate mapping of benefits in HRIS Enrollment Wizard setup, perform benefits data reconciliation, and promote understanding of benefit offerings to employees during annual Open Enrollment period
Manage full-functionality of both our Payroll System and HRIS to ensure data integrity and accuracy of employee information between systems
Maintain clear, consistent communication between People Operations and Finance teams in accordance with goals and initiatives
Resolve any and all data discrepancies and payroll related questions
Calculate and process final pay and benefits to assist in the creation of separation agreements during the employee offboarding process.
Utilize compensation data to make recommendations and ensure internal/external equity for market adjustments and promotions in accordance with our compensation philosophy
Prepare and submit reports for internal and external reporting, including; audit requests, non-disclosure testing, federal and state level filings, ACA etc.
Document and maintain Payroll/People Ops policies and procedures
Maintain employee confidence and protect operations by keeping information confidential
Support Finance team efforts to add/update/maintain systems with payroll implications to ensure accurate reporting
Ensure compliance with federal, state and local legal requirements by reviewing and applying new and existing legislation and advising management on needed actions (including COVID-19 related legislative changes)
Continue to develop professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks, etc.
Complete ad-hoc requests and calculations in support of Finance and People Operations functions
Other duties as assigned, that commensurate with the level and scope of the position
You Have:
3+ years of Payroll related experience
Experience with modern payroll systems (such as Namely, Gusto, Rippling, PayChex, etc.)
Experience working with third parties for international payroll processing
Strong grasp of U.S. State, and Federal payroll taxes and related financial filings
Strong understanding of HR compliance and employee benefits (FSA, HSA, 401(K) etc.)
Experience with managing reporting, internal audits, and employee benefits within an HRIS/Payroll system
Attention to detail and ability to manage workload to meet hard deadlines
Ability to work collaboratively as part of an Agile People Operations team
Strong work-ethic and positive attitude
Benefits:
Wellbeing- We provide Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Life Insurance, and Short Term/Long Term Disability
Mental Health- Subscription to the Calm Meditation App and access to Virtual Online Therapy are available for all iZotopians
Remote Work- We offer remote work flexibility until we are able to safely return to the office. Employees will receive monthly stipends to help with home office expenses as well as a WFH reimbursement for you to purchase any additional supplies
Continuous learning- Tuition Assistance and Professional Development opportunities for those seeking to further their learning
Flexible PTO- We offer a Flexible PTO plan along with Sick Days and 19 paid holidays throughout the year
Parental Leave- 100% Paid Parental Leave with up to 12 weeks off for birth parents and 6 weeks for non-birth parents which can be taken consecutively or intermittently to fit what works best for a growing family's needs
Employee Investment- We offer a 401k plan with employer match and annual market adjustments
Complimentary Software- Access to iZotope software and complimentary passes to share with friends and family, and industry discounts
At iZotope, we’re obsessed with great sound. Our intelligent audio technology helps musicians, music producers, and audio post engineers focus on their craft rather than the tech behind it. We design award-winning software, plug-ins, hardware, and mobile apps powered by the highest quality audio processing, machine learning, and strikingly intuitive interfaces. iZotope: the shortest path from sound to emotion.
iZotope is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer and will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, veteran or disability status, or any other category protected by law. We are committed to promoting diversity, equity and inclusion within our organization, the audio industry, and society as a whole."
45	12 days ago	Coursera	Senior Corporate Recruiter	"Coursera was launched in 2012 by two Stanford Computer Science professors, Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller, with a mission to provide universal access to world-class learning. It is now one of the largest online learning platforms in the world, with 82 million registered learners as of March 31, 2021. Coursera partners with over 200 leading university and industry partners to offer a broad catalog of content and credentials, including Guided Projects, courses, Specializations, certificates, and bachelor’s and master’s degrees. More than 6,000 institutions have used Coursera to upskill and reskill their employees, citizens, and students, including in high-demand fields such as data science, technology, and business. Coursera became a B Corp in February 2021.
The People team at Coursera is responsible for building our teams, retaining our amazing talent and developing programs that create community and promote employee betterment. Currently, we are tackling projects aimed at helping Coursera to continue to scale as a global company made up of high-performance teams. We are passionate about fulfilling our company’s mission to transform lives through learning.
As a Senior Recruiter, you play a critical role in partnering across G&A functions to define our hiring needs and build innovative recruiting strategies to effectively attract and hire top talent. In this role you will source, attract and build relationships with individuals that reflect our global community of diverse learners. To be successful, you should be proactive and self-motivated, have a track record of juggling multiple reqs with a high volume of candidates, have an understanding and appreciation for cultural diversity, be comfortable closing talent and influencing leaders at any level, have a strong sense of urgency, and a passion for bringing education to the world!
Check out life at Coursera on The Muse!
Responsibilities:
Effectively partner with your hiring managers & leadership team to understand their talent needs and build hiring strategies
Build phenomenal pipelines of diverse talent with an emphasis on creating extraordinary candidate experience
Manage high volume searches simultaneously with attention to meeting customer deadlines
Facilitate interview process, hiring decisions and offer negotiations
Help ensure recruiting data integrity by utilizing our ATS (Lever) in an optimal way
Track and analyze metrics and reports on hiring progress to leadership on a regular cadence


Basic Qualifications:
5+ years of experience as a full life-cycle recruiter, including experience with proactive sourcing and candidate offers and closing
Experience with Applicant Tracking Systems and other sourcing tools such as LinkedIn Recruiter, Boolean search, etc.
Experience creating and fostering partnerships with internal leadership and executive teams
Experience analyzing data, understanding trends, developing and articulating recommendations for action based on the data analysis
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in using innovative research & sourcing methods to hire for niche areas, hard to fill roles, and candidate with diverse skillsets
Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken
Intermediate knowledge of Excel or Google Sheets (vlookup, pivot tables, functions)
Previous project management experience
Business fluency in Spanish
If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera:
Creative Problem Solving
Effective Problem-Solving and Decision-Making
Communication in the 21st Century Workplace
Coursera is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected class.
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, please contact us at accommodations@coursera.org.

Please review our CCPA Applicant Notice here."
46	10 days ago	Angel Studios	People & Culture Generalist / Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Who We Are
Angel Studios is the home of stories that amplify light. Through its platform, thousands of “Angel” investors choose which titles will be created, funded, and distributed. Angel Studios allows creators and audiences to form passionate communities around their creative projects, making the story behind the story as important as the final project itself. The studios’ first projects—The Chosen and Dry Bar Comedy—have earned billions of views around the world. Learn more at Angel.com
We’re looking for passionate team members who want to build world-class products that will reshape media over the coming decades. Learn more about:
Our North Star
Company Strategy
Team Principles
Join us and be part of stories that matter.
Role
We are seeking an experienced People and Culture Generalist / Talent Acquisition Specialist with a passion for, and previous experience in, talent acquisition and human resources to help manage the rapid growth we're experiencing. Your role will be split between working with hiring managers and our external recruiting partners to recruit the best talent possible who will work to achieve Angel's North Star while also acting as the key HR liaison for our growing employee base, ensuring they have what they need to perform well. This role reports to the Director, People and Culture. (This role is in-office in our Provo, Utah headquarters)
You may enjoy working with us if you are:
Self-driven and highly motivated to deliver top-tier solutions with minimal guidance. You also recognize when you're wrong, learn from your mistakes and move past them.
Strive to embrace best practices and are always searching for opportunities to continually improve, learn, and grow.
Enjoy working with people and empowering everyone to do the best work of their life by ensuring they can leverage technology to serve them.
Love managing the details and are driven to keep things moving forward.
Human Resources Management:
Act as an onsite People Team contact for all employees along with the Employee Experience Manager
Provide first line employee-facing support by fielding employee questions and requests and elevating more complex issues as needed
Handle the administrative aspects of new hire onboarding and employee offboarding
Support benefits/insurance administration and payroll, in collaboration with the Finance Team. Act as the liaison between employees and the benefits broker as necessary
Maintain personnel files and conduct audits to ensure the files are accurate and complete
General administrative tasks such as filing, employee records maintenance, and HRIS up-keep and maintenance
Maintain employee and compensation records
Partner with People Team to develop, organize, and manage new key strategic initiatives
Develop, coordinate, and execute employee experience and engagement activities
Assist in the planning and execution of company events and team building activities
Stay up to date with trends in HR best practices and technology, identifying areas of improvement and opportunities for change
Talent Acquisition / Recruiting:
Post and manage open positions on Angel Studios' website, LinkedIn, and other sites to create awareness and interest in job openings
Conduct sourcing activities through web, social media, in-house talent, and employee referrals
Partner with managers and leadership to create or update job descriptions for open roles
Assist hiring managers in reviewing profiles, applications, and resumes to identify applicants whose qualifications, skills, and experiences best match Angel Studios' needs
Maintain up to date communications in ATS (Lever) for hiring manager visibility
Partner with and manage external recruitment and resource providers, as necessary
Train hiring managers and members of the interview teams on how to use the ATS to review resumes and submit interview feedback
Ensure an excellent candidate experience through all parts of our hiring process
Keep a pulse on talent acquisition trends and suggest new ideas for improvement
Collaborate with the Leadership team and Director, People & Culture on the continual improvement of our recruitment processes, employer branding and candidate experience
We would love to work with you if you:
Have 3+ years of experience as an HR Manager, HR Generalist, or similar role
Proven experience in full-cycle recruiting, ideally in Tech, G&A, and Marketing
Passionate about the ""hunt"" for top talent and managing the candidate experience
Ability to work independently, manage multiple projects simultaneously, be flexible, detail oriented and able to prioritize
Self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment, is a natural problem-solver, adaptable, and eager to learn new skills
Familiarity with social media, resume databases, and professional networks
Ability to exercise good judgement, discretion, and confidentiality
A ‘get it done’ creative attitude and an ability to seek out and implement novel solutions to meet a growing, dynamic, and ever-changing environment
Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities with passion and enthusiasm
Love what we are about and align with our North Star and values
Proficiency with LinkedIn Recruiter, Google Suite, and ATS software (Lever is a plus)
Experience in HR analytics or employer branding desired
Experience with Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion initiative development is a plus
Bachelor’s Degree preferred
Perks at Angel:
Competitive compensation
Stock Option equity package
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for employees and dependents (US employees)
Short, and Long Term Disability Insurance paid for employee, with option of additional AD&D insurance
Generous Paid Time Off
Health Spending Account (HSA)
401(k) investment opportunity
Paid parental leave
Professional development reimbursement
Gym reimbursement
Remote work opportunities
Angel is an Equal Opportunity Employer:
We are actively seeking to create a diverse work environment because teams are stronger with different perspectives and experiences.
We value a diverse workplace and encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, older members of society, and others from minority groups and diverse backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All employees and contractors of Angel are responsible for maintaining a work culture free from discrimination and harassment by treating others with kindness and respect."
47	30+ days ago	GetWellNetwork, Inc.	HR & Recruiting Specialist	"Title: HR & Recruiting Specialist
Reporting to: Senior Recruiting Manager
Location: Bethesda, MD; or Remote
Opportunity:
The GetWellNetwork People team’s mission is to be the strategic and essential business partner to leadership, management and individuals across our organization while helping to build an environment that makes us an employer of choice. We help find, develop and retain the exceptional talent that collectively is on a mission to change the way health care is delivered.
As GetWellNetwork’s HR & Recruiting Specialist, you will play a critical role in growing a fast-paced, dynamic organization where talent is in high demand. You will own the entire life-cycle of the new employee experience, from recruiting talent to the organization and bringing candidates through GetWellNetwork’s interview process, to owning and executing new hire onboarding and orientation. You will be responsible for implementing recruiting strategies that welcome the best and brightest talent to our team which will include sourcing external talent and developing employer branding initiatives. You will coordinate candidate interviews and serve as the main point-of-contact for candidates and, subsequently, new hires. You will own the essential process of onboarding new hires from their first day to company-wide orientation, and you will partner with our HR team to support various other HR-related activities.
This position can be based near the Bethesda, MD area or remotely.
Responsibilities:
Partner with Senior Recruiting Manager and hiring managers to source and recruit talent for various departments within the organization
Leverage all aspects of sourcing and candidate development including job posting, job board mining, sourcing, social networking, employee referrals, and networking events to generate interest in GetWellNetwork and open positions
Execute job posting/advertising strategies for maximum exposure
Coordinate interviews and conduct 1st round phone screens with prospective candidates
Coordinate with hiring managers on interview feedback and candidate next steps
Serve as in-house expert on our applicant tracking system, leveraging the system to its full potential and developing new processes with an eye toward compliance
Maintain data integrity within the applicant tracking system
Own the employee onboarding experience and company-wide orientation
Prepare for and coordinate the first days of GWN new hires, acting as the primary liaison between new hires and GetWellNetwork
Coordinate and communicate with new hires and internal stakeholders for bi-monthly company-wide orientation
Serve as an ongoing resource and point of contact for new hires across the full spectrum of their onboarding experience
Support and innovate on employer branding efforts through various platforms and creative initiatives
Other duties as assigned
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent
2+ years of related professional experience
Demonstrated attention to detail, along with strong organizational and time management skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Team-oriented, go-getter attitude
Experience sourcing and interviewing talent is a plus
Adhere to all organizational information security policies and protect all sensitive information including but not limited to ePHI and PHI in accordance with organizational policy and Federal, State, and local regulations
About You:
Your success requires flexible thinking, a strong desire to learn and be curious, the ability to think strategically, execute tactically, and collaborate across many teams, levels, and locations. It also requires a love of operating in the grey, perpetual optimism, and a strong sense of fun! (A love of all things purple doesn’t hurt either). We’re looking for a few other things too:
Terrific communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to offer creative, out of the box thinking when tackling tricky and competitive searches
Confident in your abilities, humble and modest in your skill, recognize your value and where you need to learn and grow…and a desire to do just that
Patient, approachable, trustworthy, honest, yet always fair and consistent
An appreciation of the importance of recruiting metrics
Passion for delivering exceptional customer service to internal colleagues and prospective candidates
About GetWellNetwork:
GetWellNetwork’s interactive solutions engage patients and families, empower clinicians and deliver outcomes that matter. The global digital health company has been helping to unite providers and patients as partners in the healthcare journey for 20 years. From inpatient to outpatient, our comprehensive cross-continuum platform bridges care settings to create a seamless experience for patients and their families.
With more than 300+ employees across the U.S., GetWellNetwork is dedicated to changing the lives of millions of patients and families every year. If you're passionate about working in a high-growth, dynamic and innovative environment that is changing an industry, then we want to hear from you!
GetWellNetwork is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
0HVSdxUAZb"
48	30+ days ago	Recruiter.com	Talent Acquisition Recruiter - Remote	"Talent Acquisition Recruiter
Fulltime Talent Acquisition Recruiter
We are hiring for full-time, entirely virtual positions.
Immediate openings for senior talent acquisition and recruiting professionals
We’re hiring a Talent Acquisition Recruiter to grow our existing team of talent acquisition professionals to deliver recruiting solutions to our clients! Recruiter.com is a leading Recruiting Solutions Company working with some of the fastest-growing companies in the USA! As a Talent Acquisition Recruiter, your contributions will have a lasting impact on the clients we work with. This position requires internal talent acquisition experience with high-growth companies, industry recruiting experience, a background in candidate sourcing, and a strong background in full-cycle recruiting. You will be working directly with our internal team.
Must Haves:
4+ years of sourcing/recruiting experience in a variety of industries (must have touched on technical recruiting/media recruiting), 2+ years of work at high-quality, fast-growing companies, such as in growth-stage startups

Hired and managed your own team of recruiters previously
Deep expertise in recruiting and sourcing strategy for hiring Talent Acquisition positions
Recruiting and talent acquisition process building

A background in candidate sourcing - using databases, utilizing new tools and extensions, reaching out to passive and active candidates

A self-motivating, flexible and focused attitude; driven to work independently and collaborate on projects in a fast-paced environment

A strong process-driven focus

Previous experience working with multiple clients and requisitions

Experience with behavioral interviewing

Experience working in corporate talent acquisition within high-growth startups

Responsibilities
Staffing recruiters for our client projects
Keeping up with a steady influx of new talent acquisition positions to fill
Following our onboarding process and procedures
Hired for and assemble your own recruiting team based on client's needs
Actively sourcing qualified candidates using internet databases, internal databases, social media, and job boards

Conducting pre-screening interviews

Asking questions that provide insight into the candidate experience while keeping them engaged

Acting as the liaison between the candidate and our company

Conduct interview debriefs with our team and the client’s team; providing feedback around roadblocks and market trends

Provide a great candidate experience
Sound like you and piqued your interest? Great - apply today!"
49	29 days ago	Optiv	Benefits Coordinator | Remote, USA	"At Optiv, we’re on a mission to help our clients make their businesses more secure. We’re one of the fastest growing companies in a truly essential industry.
In your role at Optiv, you’ll be inspired by a team of the brightest business and technical minds in cybersecurity. We are passionate champions for our clients, and know from experience that the best solutions for our clients’ needs come from working hard together. As part of our team, your voice matters, and you will do important work that has impact, on people, businesses and nations. Our industry and our company move fast, and you can be sure that you will always have room to learn and grow. We’re proud of our team and the important work we do to build confidence for a more connected world.
Who we are looking for:
This position will coordinate daily benefits processing for our US-based and international locations. The Benefits Coordinator is responsible for providing exceptional customer service when responding to and resolving benefits-related questions from current and former employees.
How you’ll make an impact:
Serve as first contact for employee questions or issues regarding benefits; by phone and the benefits email box
Provides administrative support with employee health and welfare programs, such as 401(k), medical/dental/vision, life, accident, disability, commuter, Health Savings Account, and Flexible Spending accounts
Assist with employee election updates due to Qualified Life Events
Assist employees as needed with online benefits enrollment
Ensures that each vendor receives all participant data that is required to support plan administration, and timely funding of plan contributions, claims, and insurance premiums
Generates ad hoc benefits-related reports to analyze data for accuracy and conduct system corrections as-needed. This includes researching and determining reasons for errors and resolving errors which may include working directly with client or third-party vendor to obtain correct data/information
Looks for opportunities and collaborates with various company departments as well as each vendor to improve benefits administration processes and enhance benefit service levels
Contributes to the creation of benefit related processes and guidelines and documents accordingly
Assist in developing communication tools to enhance understanding of the company's benefits package
Supports annual compliance reporting for health & welfare benefits and 401(k)
Weekly, monthly, and quarterly invoicing
Update and audit benefit deductions for employee paychecks
Assist with preparation of annual open enrollment: Arrange for distribution of material from carriers, assists with communicating changes to employees
Serve as secondary point of contact with vendors and brokers who have been hired to conduct plan administration
Maintain a commitment to our service level agreements (SLAs) around responsiveness and customer satisfaction
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications for success:
2-4 years in benefits or related benefits
Familiarity with COBRA, ERISA, FMLA and related state and federal regulations required
Effective communication skills, oral & written with ability to communicate with people in potentially stressful situations
Excellent organizational and communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to work on a team
Ability to work in a high volume fast paced environment
Strong aptitude towards efficiency, quality, and consistency as well as a focus on customer service
Knowledge with HRIS systems, preferably Workday
Commitment to confidentiality and discretion
Hourly Pay Range: $19.71 - $24.52 per hour
#LI-MS1
If you are seeking a culture that supports growth, fosters success and moves the industry forward, find your place at Optiv! As a market-leading provider of cybersecurity solutions, Optiv has the most comprehensive ecosystem of security products and partners to deliver unparalleled services. Our rich and successful history with our clients is based on trust, serving more than 12,000 clients of varying sizes and industries, including commercial, government and education. We have the proven expertise to plan, build, and run successful security programs across Risk Management, Cyber Digital Transformation, Threat Management, Security Operations – Managed Services and Identity and Data Management. Optiv remains committed to championing Diversity, Equality and Inclusion within our organization and throughout the industry.

With Optiv you can expect:
Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge as well as 8 paid holidays annuallyVolunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities.
The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable)Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projectsPremium contributions by Optiv to Medical, Dental, and Vision coverageContributions by Optiv to Health Saving Accounts (HSA)
Optiv-paid Basic Life, AD&D, Short- and Long-Term DisabilityProfessional training resources, including tuition reimbursement, certification support and student loan refinancingOptiv matching contribution to 401(k) with immediate vestingHealth Advocate/ Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – One-on-one help navigating healthcare and insurance systems; confidential Licensed Counseling sessions
Optiv is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, status as an individual with a disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law."
50	30+ days ago	RocketPower	Recruiting Coordinator, remote	"RocketPower provides talent solutions to some of the world’s fastest growing and most admired companies. We’re also proud to have been chosen a Forbes Top 100 Startup To Work For.
We’ve been selected as an RPO partner by one of the most admired and recognizable companies in tech - provider of the world's fastest growing B2B application - to assist them in fulfilling their ongoing recruiting growth plans.
We're assembling a world class team across all recruiting functions dedicated to this effort. You'll be an ongoing employee of RocketPower, but embedded with this fantastic client, utilizing their systems and tools - and their product of course!

Working on this RPO program, you'll get the best of both worlds. An instantly recognizable client that has fantastic culture to draw candidates to, and an award winning employer that believes strongly that People Power Business.

About the role:
As one of our Recruiting Coordinators, will work closely with our Recruiters, Sourcers, hiring managers and interviewers. This role is an integral part of the team and is responsible for managing all interview scheduling and related logistics.

Additionally, this person will play a role in identifying areas for improvement and efficiency gains. Candidate experience will be your mantra and you'll be our invaluable partner in helping guide candidates through the client interview process.

You possess excellent communication skills. You have the ability to shift gears at a moment's notice, while being able to think proactively. And most importantly, you enjoy the challenge of building a great team of talented individuals while helping to scale a world class organization.
Both RocketPower and our client have positive, diverse, and supportive cultures. We're seeking team members who will exemplify RocketPower's SOFE values:Seek First To UnderstandOwnership MentalityFirst Things FirstEveryone Wins
If this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of - please read on!
What You'll Be Doing...
Schedule phone and onsite interview panels, including pre and post team debriefs
Share interview documents with interviewers via a Slack channel
Manage all logistics related to the interviews scheduled from the point the scheduling request is received until the interview is complete
Greet candidates and facilitate the onsite interview process, ensuring a high-touch experience
Generate new hire offer documents
Build strong relationships with key stakeholders (Recruiters, Sourcers, hiring managers, interviewers, Recruiting Coordination peers)
Identify areas for improvement and efficiency gains
Lead and participate in project work to support the Recruiting Coordination team
What You Should Have...
Experience as a Recruiting Coordinator or in Recruiting
Able to work efficiently and prioritize with little guidance
Relentless attention to detail and accuracy
Great team player but can also work well independently
Process driven with strong habits and a passion for efficiency improvement
Strong verbal and written communication skills with an emphasis on providing good customer service and building strong relationships
Ability to work in a fast-paced, quickly changing environment
Bonus Points...
Experience with ATS applications, ideally Greenhouse
Heavy scheduling within Google Calendar
Familiarity with Slack
Experience using Goodtime
You can draw from your experience working at various startups
Experience working with teams located in multiple cities
Equal Opportunity
Both RocketPower and our client are Equal Opportunity Employers. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type and afford equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
51	30+ days ago	ABC Financial Services, Inc.	HR Generalist	It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.Job DescriptionWhat you’ll do…Establishes human resources objectives in line with organizational objectives.Direct and ensure the efficient administration and management of the Human Resources functionFoster a positive culture of “Service” within the department to include leading by example and providing guidance and support to all management and hourly team membersImplements human resources strategies for improving and maintaining accountability on talent acquisition, staffing, employment processing, compensation, health and welfare benefits, training and development, records management, safety and health, succession planning, employee relations and retention,Partners with Payroll and Benefits functions for compliance, fair and consistent practices, and oversees annual open enrollment meetings.Accomplishes special projects by identifying and clarifying issues and priorities communicating and coordinating requirements; expediting fulfillment; evaluating accomplishments and courses of action.Provides human resources advice, counsels, and coaches supervisors and managers as well as guide executive team through best practices by writing and updating policies, procedures, and guidelines that corroborate the company’s values.Complies with Canadian legal requirements by studying existing and new legislations; anticipating legislations; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions.Stays abreast of HR knowledge by participating in conferences and educational opportunities, reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; and participating in professional organizations.What you’ll need to succeed…EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree required. SPHR or SHRM-SPC highly preferredEXPERIENCE: 3-5 years in Human Resource management in a generalist role with progressive experience requiredIf you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!Job Type: Full-time
52	15 days ago	Turnitin, LLC	Senior Human Resources Business Partner (USA Remote)	"Company Description
When you join Turnitin, you'll be welcomed into a company that is a recognized innovator in the global education space. You'll join our diverse community of colleagues who are all unified by a shared desire to make a difference in education. So come join us and begin the most gratifying next chapter of your career.
For more than 20 years, Turnitin has partnered with educational institutions to promote honesty, consistency, and fairness across all subject areas and assessment types. Our products are used by educational institutions and certification and licensing programs to uphold integrity and increase learning performance, and by students and professionals to do their best, original work.

Job Description
Turnitin is looking for a new rock star People and Culture Partner to support our Technology Teams. This is a unique opportunity to work with an established global tech company that is still nimble enough to move fast, and with a team has been given the latitude to create a truly unique employee experience. We are not satisfied with the status quo and we’ve thrown out the rule book with regards to traditional HR.
You are: passionate about people, driven, collaborative, creative, thoughtful and love a good laugh.
In this role you will:
Create and maintain relationships with the Technology leaders and their team members, to support the people, cultural and organizational needs and to continue to build on our amazing culture. Employee Engagement is a core part of the People team’s work, so this is a great opportunity to bring your previous experience in building teams and delivering continuous improvement in a multi time-zone, international environment.
Reward and Salary planning to include; ownership for the international manpower plan for approximately 250 roles, close partnership with the Reward team, making decisions about salary scales, etc. Previous experience in reward and compensation is essential.
Through exceptional relationship building, you will fully understand the strategic direction of Turnitin and co-create HR/People focused initiatives with your client group to support and promote the achievement of our organizational goals.
Roll out the staple HR processes (performance management, compensation, benefits, feedback, retention etc.) by calling on your creativity to do so in a way that delivers the right results, in close partnership with the business, always striving to make us an exceptional place to work.
No one is perfect (except maybe you), so you will coach employees and leaders to help them develop and resolve the occasional challenge.
Utilize your ever deepening knowledge of legal requirements and best in class approaches to ensure we are not only compliant, but cutting edge in people practices.
Manage the inevitable surprises that pop up on occasion, by rolling up your sleeves and creating solutions to topics that we can’t accurately predict in a job description, but which you will be ready to tackle.
Focus on learning and growth as a key pillar to everything we do, working closely with your colleagues on the People team world-wide to inspire and support your client groups to achieve their aspirations.

Qualifications
Seasoned. BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience, preferably in HR /Business/Compensation and minimum 5+ years of People / HR experience which you’ve gained in a fast paced, performance driven culture. International experience is a plus.
Self-Starter. You are independent, organized, and passionate about detail. You are a team player, excellent at building relationships within your team and across teams.
Integrity. You understand how to handle confidential information and sensitive issues.
Agile. You’re an expert multi-tasker, independently prioritizing and ensuring all needs are met. You keep calm even when there’s a lot to do.
Talented. You are a true strategist and have superior verbal and written communication skills, representing us well in all you do.
Empathetic, approachable and engaging. You connect well with employees at all levels, and understand their needs. You have strong interpersonal and teamwork skills.
Eager to Learn. You are a motivated and active learner. If you don’t understand something, you figure out a way to learn about it, and you aren’t afraid to ask when you need help.
Additional Information
Our Mission is to ensure the integrity of global education and meaningfully improve learning outcomes.
Our Values underpin everything we do.
Customer Centric - We realize our mission to ensure integrity and improve learning outcomes by putting educators and learners at the center of everything we do.
Passion for Learning - We seek out teammates that are constantly learning and growing and build a workplace which enables them to do so.
Integrity - We believe integrity is the heartbeat of Turnitin. It shapes our products, the way we treat each other, and how we work with our customers and vendors.
Action & Ownership - We have a bias toward action and empower teammates to make decisions.
One Team - We strive to break down silos, collaborate effectively, and celebrate each other’s successes.
Global Mindset - We respect local cultures and embrace diversity. We think globally and act locally to maximize our impact on education.
Seeing Beyond the Job Ad
At Turnitin, we recognize it’s unrealistic for candidates to fulfill 100% of the criteria in a job ad. We encourage you to apply if you meet the majority of the requirements because we know that skills evolve over time. If you’re willing to learn and evolve alongside us, join our team!
Turnitin, LLC is committed to the policy that all persons have equal access to its programs, facilities and employment. We strongly encourage applications from people of color, persons with disabilities, women, and the LGBTQ+ community, regardless of age, gender, religion, marital or veterans status."
53	30+ days ago	University of Texas at Austin	Compensation Specialist	"Job Posting Title:
Compensation Specialist
-
Hiring Department:
Office of the Associate Vice President for Human Resources
-
Position Open To:
All Applicants
-
Weekly Scheduled Hours:
40
-
FLSA Status:
Exempt
-
Earliest Start Date:
Immediately
-
Position Duration:
Expected to Continue
-
Location:
UT MAIN CAMPUS
-
Job Description:
Provide compensation support and analysis to HR Consultants and Principal Consultants in the Strategic Workforce Solutions unit in Human Resources.
-
Job Details:
Responsibilities
Researches, analyzes data, and prepares recommendations requiring a broad understanding of compensation techniques, methods and practices. Participates in studies requiring job analysis, job evaluation or similar techniques.
Collects and analyzes competitive salary and benefit information to determine institution's market relationship. Provides recommendation of new and existing salary ranges. Works with other university department to make changes in the Workday system.
Gathers information and responds to external market surveys (EduComp, CUPA-HR, Mercer, Towers Watson, Etc). Work with vendors on data submission follow-up. Imports survey results into database.
Prepares mandatory reports for UT System and other regulatory agencies.
Responds to inquiries and develops rapport with external entities, especially other institutions of higher education.
Other related functions as assigned

Required Qualifications
Broad, practical knowledge of compensation techniques and methods as would normally be obtained through receipt of a Bachelor degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or a related field and 2 to 4 years of compensation administration experience. May require certification.
Relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in Higher Education
Experience in Workday
Salary Range
$50,000 + depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
May work around standard office conditions.
This position is open to be fully remote for workers in the state of Texas.
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.
Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.
-
Employment Eligibility:
Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.
-
Retirement Plan Eligibility:
The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.
-
Background Checks:
A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
-
Equal Opportunity Employer:
The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer , complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.
-
Pay Transparency:
The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
-
Employment Eligibility Verification:
If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.
-
E-Verify:
The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197."
54	19 days ago	Bullhorn	Sr Learning and Development Specialist	"Bullhorn is looking for a Senior Learning & Development Specialist to join our Learning and Development team.
Bullhorn is the leading global software provider for the staffing and recruitment industry. More than 10,000 companies rely on Bullhorn’s cloud-based platform to power their staffing processes from start to finish. Through our incredible products and services, we create raving fan customers, resulting in company growth that consistently offers new opportunities for our talent to advance their careers. 25% of our global workforce gets promoted or moves into a new role every year, expanding their skills and working with new people. Bullhorn is large enough to provide these exciting opportunities but small enough to maintain the energy of a startup, and we’re consistently ranked as a great place to work for our strong culture and rewarding career opportunities.

Our commitment to our employees: Every Bullhorn employee has a sense of belonging, a voice that is heard, and a clear path to success. Bullhorn offers unlimited planned vacation, great opportunities for career development, quarterly paid volunteer days through its philanthropic group Bullhorn Cares, and an open invitation to Bullhorn Allies groups, which celebrate and cultivate diversity and inclusion for all employees.
Our in-office employees enjoy a casual, collaborative environment with weekly catered-in lunch and breakfast, and quarterly social events. While working from the comfort of their own homes, our remote employees are provided a full equipment package with all the tools they need to perform their role. We use Zoom, Slack, and other tools to stay connected while we are remote.

Why this job is important:
Bullhorn's employee vision is to ensure every employee has a voice that is heard, a sense of belonging, and a clear path to success. A strategic L&D program is a critical component to bring this to life. As a Senior Learning & Development Specialist, you will be integral to the development of our growing global employee base. You will partner and collaborate with our business leaders to understand learning needs and develop effective programs to address those needs. You will design, develop, and facilitate an ongoing training program to upskill the organization - employees and managers. L&D plays a key role in an employees clear path to success and empowering our employees in their Bullhorn careers.

A typical day might include:
Partnering with the business stakeholders to perform a training gap analysis.
Designing a scalable development program for Bullhorn managers, prioritizing new manager training and then addressing the needs of our more experienced managers.
Designing and facilitating a broad range of courses for employee development utilizing a clear understanding of adult learning theory and a blended learning approach.
Partnering with Human Resources to build a 90 day Company Onboarding program and program managing the development of content.
Facilitating engaging virtual and in person training sessions.
Measuring the effectiveness of development programs, ensuring we’re hitting our development goals, as well as impacting the business.
Vetting training vendors and promoting the adoption of our internal LMS and Linkedin Learning.
Partnering and collaborating closely with the VP of L&D, HR leaders, and DEI Program Manager to create innovative development solutions.

This role may be a fit for you if:
At least 5+ years of corporate L&D experience, and a passion for design, developing, and facilitating training.
Strong understanding of adult learning theories/principles.
You can lead engaging and thought provoking L&D programs.
You are agile and can flex your style to a variety of global audiences.
You can work autonomously, handle ambiguity, and can work well in a remote environment.
You enjoy working on a fast paced, engaging, and global team who are passionate about the employee experience.
You have experience coaching or training managers and you’re looking to implement new innovative strategies at a fast growing software company.
You’re organized and detail oriented.
You build strong relationships and partnerships with internal stakeholders and employees.

Bullhorn is committed to our core values and we are looking for people who exhibit these traits:
Service - You go beneath the surface to solve problems.
Energy - You build up your teammates and leave people positively charged.
Ownership - You take action and own up to your mistakes.
Speed & Agility - You go around obstacles and demonstrate urgency.
Being Human - You consider other people's perspectives, laugh, and have fun."
55	27 days ago	Lowe's	Compensation Sr Analyst - Remote	"This role would support Field compensation.


Lowe’s is able to offer remote employment of this position in the following states: AL, AR, AZ, CO, DE, FL, GA, IA, ID, IN, KS, KY, LA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, OH, OK, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WI, WV, WY.

Job Summary:
The primary purpose of this role is to assist with the design, development, and administration of base salary, variable compensation, and incentive compensation programs for retail stores, distribution centers, and corporate employees in order to ensure competitiveness to market. This also includes responsibility for continuous process improvement in the use of existing compensation technology and development of improved methods. This role is critical to Lowe's as many of the work activities affect employee engagement, retention, and the long-term success of Lowe's.


Key Responsibilities:
Evaluates market data/trends and conducts analyses to determine the competitiveness of Lowe’s compensation programs and makes recommendations accordingly.Performs analysis, modeling, and calculations for annual bonuses, incentive programs and other ad hoc data requests.Assists with the preparation of policy documentation and recommends clarification to policy issues.Facilitates and processes increases for compensation events, such as annual merit increases, wage increases, step increases, etc.Reviews information coming back from the field to ensure its accuracy.Communicates various store, distribution center or corporate incentive awards via reports, meetings, emails, online systems, etc.Serves as a tactical SME on assigned programs and processes at a granular level.Participates in compensation surveys, completing and maintaining job documentation and performing job analysis.Conducts job evaluation and reviews new and/or existing roles (i.e., ranking, factor comparison, points method, etc.).Ensures compliance with all federal, state, and regulatory standards and laws governing the compensation programs.Works closely with other groups (Accounting, Finance, Employee & Corporate Communications, etc.) in order to ensure Lowe’s compensation strategy is executed seamlessly.Ability to maintain confidentiality around all different types of personal employee information.


Required Qualifications:
High school diploma or GED and 5 years’ experience in Microsoft Excel, Compensation and Analytics. - OR - Bachelor’s degree in Business, Human Resources, Psychology, Accounting, Financial Planning and Analysis, or related field and 3 years’ experience in Microsoft Excel, Compensation or Analytics.Experience in Compensation in a retail corporate environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Experience dealing with confidential information.Ability to learn software platforms quickly.

Preferred Education/Experience
• Master’s degree in Business, Human Resources, Psychology, Accounting, Financial Planning and •Analysis, or related field and 1 year of experience working in a compensation environment.
Knowledge of Lowe's stores and corporate processes.Certified Compensation Professional designation.Experience evaluating job grades.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Ability to learn software platforms quickly.Experience dealing with confidential information.


About Lowe’s:
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 20 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2020 sales of nearly $90 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.


About Lowe’s in the Community:
As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.

Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law."
56	16 days ago	Ascension	Talent Advisor	"We Are Hiring:

Full Time, Days M-F
Location: Remote within the Michigan market
Do you have a passion for hiring top talent? In this role, you will ensure that recruiting programs are aligned to business priorities to hire word-class talent and build robust talent pipelines. You will develop strong relationships both internally and externally to drive the talent sourcing strategy and act as a talent advisor to the business with talent selection best practices.
What You Will Do:
Act as a trusted advisor to the assigned client group(s)
Oversee the recruiting process end to end while effectively utilizing the talent acquisition process, systems and tools
Conduct in-depth intake meetings with hiring leaders to ensure alignment on the position, candidate profile, as well as establishing clarity on roles and responsibilities
Identify key behavioral and technical competencies that drive success, develop and share recruitment sourcing strategy, and set expectations around the recruiting process and timeline
Conduct behavioral based interviews using behavioral-based competency talent selection methods
Partner with the Integrated Talent Strategy Partner to help build robust talent pipelines
Participate in targeted outreach efforts within the healthcare industry
Act as an ongoing candidate relationship manager by providing data-driven recruiting related advice to hiring leaders and influence talent decisions
Act as an advisor to leadership regarding external market trends and internal metrics
Special duties and/or projects as assigned
What You Will Need:

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Additional Preferences:

Work Experience:
3+ years of recruitment and sourcing experience strongly preferred.
Healthcare experience preferred.
Why Join Our Team:

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all. In FY2020, Ascension provided $2.4 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs. Ascension includes more than 160,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers across a national network of ministries. We offer rewarding careers across more than 2,600 sites of care – including 146 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 19 states and the District of Columbia.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:

Ascension is an equal opportunity employer (EEO) and affords equal opportunity to all associates and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.
E-Verify Statement:

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify
Right to Work"
57	Today	Bright Horizons Family Solutions	Learning and Development Specialist	"We’re hiring a Learning and Development Specialist !
The Learning and Development Specialist will contribute to professional development and training projects and provide support for implementation and application.
Location : Remote, preference is P acific or Mountain time zone
What you will be doing in this role:
Contribute to strategy and innovation about how professional development and training can impact company and department goals.
Contribute to multiple aspects of a project from proposal stage to production ensuring quality assurance, usability, implementation and application support, and outcomes are met.
Coordinate logistics for training initiatives.
Understand and monitor IACET standards compliance.
Contribute to the design of professional development and training programs and resources using instructional design principles, the ADDIE or SAM model, and using a variety of delivery methods such as instructor led workshops, computer based training and enhanced PowerPoint materials.
Collect and track training need information including field requests, state requirements, and BHFS requirements.
Contribute to review, revision, and curation of current professional development and training materials.
Understand the levels of learning measurement, contribute to the design of measurement tools and strategies, assess results, and make recommendations based on measurement results.
Effectively use eLearning software tools such as: Brainshark, Prezi, Camtasia, and Articulate.
Assist with logistical aspects of internal conferences and produce department training webinars.
Contribute to the development of training tools and job aids to help trainers/facilitators increase acumen and impact.
Collaborate with other departments on special projects and initiatives as required.
What we hope you will bring to this role:
Bachelors degree in Learning & Development or related field required
2 years experience in designing and developing adult learning and training
Other qualifications include eLearning design acumen; computer software skills in Microsoft Office applications, specifically Excel and Power Point; strong writing skills; and the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.
Facilitation skills & experience are desirable; willingness to learn facilitation skills is critical. Early childhood education experience or knowledge is desirable
This role has the following employment benefits:
H ealth Care
Retirement
Sick Leave
Vacation
Paid Holidays
Disability Insurance
Life Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
The compensation for this role is $53,000-$58,000.
HAVING TECHNICAL ISSUES WITH YOUR APPLICATION?
Contact us at bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com or 855-877-6866
Bright Horizons is dedicated to creating a workforce that promotes and supports diversity and inclusion. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination. Bright Horizons complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO – English and EEO – Spanish along with information on the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) .
Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the recruitment helpdesk at 855-877-6866 or bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com . Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis."
58	6 days ago	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Compensation Analyst	"Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.
iHeartMedia
Job Summary:
iHeartMedia is looking for a Compensation Analyst who will be responsible for enabling the Compensation team to provide efficient and meaningful compensation support to the HR team and executive leadership through data-based insights and recommendations. The employee in this role will have a strong understanding of compensation practices and techniques that are applicable across a diverse range of jobs within broadcast radio, digital media & entertainment, and multi-platform advertising sales.
Responsibilities
Support the Senior Manager, Compensation in the delivery of compensation services to internal clients and HR Partners to support the company’s business strategy.
Assist in the development, ongoing administration, and maintenance of iHeartMedia’s career framework, including job architecture and salary structures.
Participate in external compensation surveys on behalf of the company and proactively provide analysis of market trends with recommendations.
Evaluate jobs and perform thorough compensation analysis to determine competitiveness; provide recommendations using both market-based and internal data.
Deliver data-based insights to compensation and HR leadership teams.
Integrate acquired companies’ jobs into iHeartMedia job architecture and salary structure.
Support the administration and communication of compensation programs such as performance management, merit, bonus, and long-term incentives as needed.
Experience / Qualifications
3+ years of Compensation experience; Technology, Media, or Sales compensation experience is a plus
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Human Resources Management, or equivalent experience
Intermediate to advanced Excel skills which include, but are not limited to, development of spreadsheets with formulas, functions, pivot tables, and lookups
Strong quantitative and critical thinking skills, with ability to research and analyze various types of data
Experience with industry compensation surveys such as Willis Towers Watson, Radford, and Mercer
Experience with Workday is preferred
Location
VIRTUAL, USA
Position Type
Regular
The Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.
Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify.
Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title."
59	9 days ago	North Dakota State Government	Human Relations / Family Therapist	"The mission of the ND Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (DOCR) is transforming lives, influencing change, strengthening community.
This is a full time temporary position that includes fully paid family health insurance. Position will be required to work a minimum of 40 hours/week. Duration of this temporary position is expected to be long-term. Remote work is an option!

Summary of Work

The Family Therapist is responsible for providing comprehensive and intensive in-home family therapy services for families where a child or children are at risk of out-of-home placement. With a focus on family preservation, this position will utilize interdisciplinary treatment methods following the ND Model including assessments and goals to promote self-sufficiency and minimize dependency on outside interventions. The Family Therapist will prepare plans with the intent of increasing coping abilities, parenting, and life skills, intervening with needed services, and collaborating with outside treatments and services based on family needs. This position will also provide crisis intervention.

Duties and Tasks

Therapy: Provides family therapy services; Participates in interdisciplinary treatment with collateral contacts including educational institutions, and other professional treatment and referral sources; Develops comprehensive mental health assessments and initial treatment plans utilizing the ND model; Provides crisis intervention consultation; Serves as advocate for services for families; makes recommendations related to individual treatment as needed.
Documentation and Recordkeeping: Completes Family Assessment, Service Goal Attainment Treatment Guide, Termination Summary, and daily case notes; Documents home visits and crisis management interventions according to Agency and State and Federal regulations; Completes billing and expense forms as needed; Completes reports and forms as needed for Medical Assistance utilization; and Completes reports as requested by Agency and/or external agencies for program monitoring.
Other Duties: Participate in consultation sessions, education, and training opportunities; Participate in supervision and other agency related meetings; Provide testimony on behalf of Agency as needed; and all other duties as assigned. Up to 20% travel within a 100 mile radius.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree – Broad or in-depth body of knowledge equivalent to that which would be required through a formal 4-year education or training in social work, counseling, or related field. Must have a minimum of 2 years of experience providing individual or family counseling. Will accept a Master’s degree with no experience in lieu of Bachelor’s with 2 years of experience. Preferred Licensure: LSW, LAPC, LPC, LPCC, LCSW, LICSW, LAMFT or LMFT in the state of North Dakota. Must have a valid driver’s license.

Equal Employment Opportunity

The State of North Dakota and this hiring agency do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex (including sexual orientation and gender identity), genetics, religion, age or disability in employment or the provisions of services and complies with the provisions of the North Dakota Human Rights Act.
As an employer, the State of North Dakota prohibits smoking in all places of state employment in accordance with N.D.C.C. § 23-12-10."
60	22 days ago	Knowable	Recruitment and HR Specialist	"As the market leader in enterprise contracts intelligence, Knowable gives corporate clients revolutionary visibility into the relationships that govern their businesses. By converting archaic legal language into structured data, Knowable helps its clients find, search, organize, and analyze their contracts, providing - for the first time - portfolio level views of risks, obligations, and entitlements. As the world’s leader in contract data analytics, with more than 25 million contract data elements analyzed each quarter, Knowable combines proprietary machine learning tools with scalable facilities for human quality control that, together, enable a full contracts intelligence solution for the enterprise.
We are seeking a Recruitment and HR Analyst to join our team. Come be a part of it !
The Role
This role is an exciting opportunity to own the recruitment process for our client service team while supporting and developing HR initiatives and processes at Knowable! The role’s foremost subject matter will be the US functions; however, this individual will establish strong partnerships across a global team! While preexisting knowledge of Workday is not a prerequisite – a successful candidate will be excited to learn the system, guide teammates, and implement processes from the platform.
The successful candidate will be detail oriented, creative, energetic and excited to work collaboratively with Knowable team members of all levels.
This role will report into the US HR Manager.
Specifically, this role will:
Recruit, staff, and supervise the population of flex legal talent that works with our client service team to review agreements and deliver structured contract data to our clients
Manage the end-to-end engagement of flex legal talent – ensure on-going communication, transparency of process, and clear instructions throughout their assignments
Track resource capacity and other edifying talent data in Kimble, our Professional Services Automation tool
Pull and analyze time-keeping data to determine benefit eligibility for Knowable’s contract based, legal talent population
Support a proactive, smooth, and positive onboarding experience for new hires while guiding hiring managers through the process
Own all personnel record keeping and data-tracking related to background checks, onboarding documentation, data changes, and performance information in Workday
Support FTE recruitment efforts by supplementing sourcing, partnering with diverse organizations, and incorporating Knowable’s core values throughout the process
Collaborate across functions to help drive and develop internal Knowable initiatives i.e. sponsorship/mentorship programs, performance management, internships, marketing, and more
Embrace a dynamic environment that values dedication, flexibility, initiative, and a sense of humor
Be a team player, always go the extra mile whether the task is large or small, accept and offer feedback, and ensure that deadlines are met!
Qualifications :
You are adaptable, authentic, accountable, and values-driven. We’re looking for someone who always gives their best and inspires others to do the same. This role requires organization, positivity, problem solving, detail-orientation, responsiveness, people skills, clear communication, & accountability.
In addition to the above, here are the required skills, knowledge, capabilities, and education for this role:
1 - 2+ years of experience working in HR or recruitment
Has experience conducting or supporting the recruitment process end-to-end
Detail-oriented with high accuracy; proficient with proprietary computer software; a self-starter & ready to learn and take ownership of important processes
A warm people-facing persona as well as an analytic mindset & the ability to solve problems
Superb verbal communication skills and able to communicate clearly in a remote setting; professional phone skills are a must
A great writer who sends concise and professional emails, can help draft recruiting documents, and communicate quickly via Microsoft Outlook by handling a high volume of emails and calendar invites
Works quickly under tight deadlines and ensures all documentation is complete before the end of each day
Has used Excel and is proficient with the software; is good with names and can maintain a database with 100% accuracy
Has a bachelor’s degree
Our values:
Fresh Minds: We are proudly nerdy, with the expertise and ambition to lead a whole industry into a smarter era of contract data
Hardy Souls: We are scrappy and determined, and we don't believe in drama
Open Hearts : We are genuine, generous and fearlessly direct with each other, our clients and the market
Uniting: We are naturally collaborative, always striving to come together across disparate backgrounds, cultures and time zones
We Offer:
We welcome you to a truly global, dynamic and challenging environment with great opportunities to develop yourself. Knowable’s benefits are very competitive and the summary below will give you an idea of the kind of things you can expect when joining Knowable.
High level of autonomy and flexible working arrangements
Competitive salary
Generous bonus plan
Company-paid health & dental insurance with optional vision, life, and disability choices
Paid parental leave
401K (US)
Paid Vacation, including time off to volunteer
WFH stipend
Numerous online resources to assist with your self-development and career progression
Knowable is an equal opportunity employer
Knowable is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact accommodations@relx.com or if you are based in the US you may also contact us on 1.855.833.5120.
Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy
Knowable’s approach to due diligence and integration activities is designed to unlock the value embedded in contract and answer the questions that matter most.
Knowable’s clients, including many of the most sophisticated and frequent corporate transactors in the world, know that a more strategic approach to contract diligence increases deal value. We agree!"
61	30+ days ago	Champlain College	GMHEC-Benefits Analyst	"The Green Mountain Higher Education Consortium (GMHEC) provides Benefits Services to its member institutions. The Benefits Analyst is an integral member of the Benefits Team and is responsible for ensuring the accuracy, integrity, timeliness, and availability of benefits-related data. The Benefits Analyst will ensure that benefits data is entered/audited in the system, will create benefit reports and analytics, reconcile data with related systems (HR, payroll, vendors, A/P, etc.), process monthly benefits billing, calculate manual benefits payments, etc. Ongoing work will include supporting functional data integrations, process testing and user acceptance testing during upgrades. Assisting in ensuring data uploads/downloads and workflows function properly and will provide data analytics, troubleshooting and reporting.
This position is responsible for ensuring compliance with federal and state laws and institutional policies, building best business processes, day to day transactions, and communicating with employees and HR teams as needed.
As a part of the GMHEC Benefits Team this position is responsible for providing a high level of customer service to our member institutions. We are guided by our principles which recognize that our member organizations come first, continuous process improvement is a given, communication is transparent and visible, and we value our unique culture which includes being innovative, flexible, and focused on wellbeing.
The position reports to the People Services Strategic Leader and will be located in Shelburne, Vermont however a hybrid remote work model may also be utilized.
Specific Responsibilities:
The Benefits Analyst responsibilities include:
Supporting Oracle HCM and Payroll processes to ensure accuracy of benefits data on a daily basis.
Ensuring data quality by reviewing payroll and benefits related error reports (missing deduction, etc.) provided by internal systems and/or vendors, troubleshooting and correcting problems.
Working thru functional issues related to file integrations to vendors and other systems.
Assisting in the daily operation, and maintenance of benefits module in Oracle HCM including functional testing along with operational duties.
Performing regular audits of benefits data to ensure integrity and that programs are being administered according to plan guidelines; interacts with benefits carriers and HCM vendor support to ensure all benefit plans are set-up and functioning properly.
Participating in ongoing compliance work as needed to include nondiscrimination testing andinternal and external audits by providing, analyzing, and submitting data as directed and within required deadlines. Assisting is ensuring plan compliance with plan document and ERISA and IRS regulations.
Maintaining and monitoring complex reporting required by the Affordable Care Act
Assisting with annual Open Enrollment activities including pre- and post-open enrollmentauditing and system testing.
 Assisting in retirement plan tracking and analysis.
Responding to data requests by generating reports, preparing spreadsheets and graphs. Using reporting tools), design, document, implement and monitor ad hoc and ongoing reports in HR systems.
Reconciles monthly insurance invoices and preparing invoices for payments. Partnering with third party administrators, brokers, or internal sources to investigate data or billing discrepancies.
Providing direct benefits customer service to support employees (future, current and past) thru our service center.
Documenting internal business processes.
Working collaboratively with our Payroll and Benefits Team, supporting where needed.
Other duties as assigned.

Requirements:
Knowledge of:
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel (including pivots and VLOOKUP), Outlook, Access a plus
Google Suite: Gmail, Google Drive, Google Calendar and Adobe Acrobat
Payroll/benefits software
Basic knowledge of general accounting principles
Benefits processing
Data collection, data entry and reporting
Meeting deadlines for daily, weekly, annual, and project workload goals
Ability to:
Organize and prioritize work, take initiative, resolve problems, and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
 Recognize several likely causes of events, analyze relationships among several parts of a problem. or situation, and formulate a multi-step response if required.
 Build strong, positive relationships with external and internal contacts.
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
 Interpret and apply company policies and procedures.
 Maintain confidentiality and appropriately handle sensitive information with tact and discretion.
Work closely with others in a small cooperative office in an open office environment and/or in a remote environment.
Meet deadlines for daily, weekly, annual, and project workload goals.
Independently achieve results and self-direct work responsibly
Deeply commit to continual process improvement and learning
 Contribute to a leading edge, creative team that is highly focused on success for our College partners.
Education and Experience:
A bachelor's degree in Human Resources or related field or equivalent experience
3-5 years of benefits management experience
PHR or CBP a plus

Additional Information:
The successful completion of a criminal background check is required as a condition of employment.
Application materials must include a resume and a letter of interest (Cover Letter) specifically addressing the desired qualifications.
The Consortium does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, place of birth, ancestry, religion, age, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, veteran or military service status, HIV-positive status, qualified disability, or on the basis of any other status protected by law and does not discriminate in the administration of its employment practices or other Consortium-administered programs. The Consortium will make reasonable accommodations for otherwise qualified applicants for employment and employees. Please contact the Executive Director at 802.443.2304 with questions concerning the hiring process or future employment at the Consortium and if auxiliary aids or services are needed to apply for employment at the Consortium.
The Consortium is committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse community. Recognizing thatdiversity is both a reflection of our world and a source of rich education, the Consortium strivesto be diverse and inclusive in ways that reflect the world in which we live and work. All members of the Consortium community are valued as individuals.
The Consortium seeks candidates who, through their work and life experiences and service to thecommunity can contribute to the diversity, inclusivity, and customer service excellence of theConsortium. Please include information about how you would contribute to these efforts and help to further this goal in your letter of interest/cover letter.

Application Instructions:
In order to be considered for the position, you must upload a resume and cover letter."
62	30+ days ago	KARL STORZ	Global Learning & Development Specialist/ LMS Administrator	"Company: KARL STORZ North America (KSNA)

Job Code: 11481

Pay Grade: TBD

Description

KARL STORZ SE & Co. KG based in Tuttlingen, Germany, is a family-owned, global company committed to benefiting humanity by advancing medical technology through innovation and education.

For more than 75 years, KARL STORZ has been dedicated to earning its international reputation as a leader that designs, engineers, manufactures, and markets all its products with an emphasis on visionary design, precision craftsmanship, and clinical effectiveness.

This role will be based in our Charlton, MA when COVID completes, however we will consider remote work options for well qualified candidates. The role will have travel within the United States, after COVID as well.


Job Purpose and Core Tasks

The Global Learning Development Specialists actively supports international and local learning experts like trainers, HR Business partners etc. in developing inspiring and sustainable learning events and material. Additionally, he/she is part of the global LMS-Team (Learning Management System) to maintain the operational functionalities and acts as regional first line user support for LMS admins and users. The regional competence will be defined in detail within the Team Global Learning & Development.


Responsibilities:


Collaborates with trainers and other stakeholders for creating (digital) learning content (methods, formats, tools, etc.) and content loading; maintains training and user profile records; coordinates calendaring and enrollment, tracking, assessments, reporting and customer communications for learning events.
Supports the constant evaluation of global and local training needs and opportunities for the expansion of personnel development within Karl Storz.
Manages community areas within Karl Storz Learning Community
Manages business processes, daily operation, use, and configuration of the LMS.
Identifies and communicates opportunities for process and quality improvements, providing feedback on usage, defects, and suggested enhancements.
Acquires and maintains knowledge of current technology as it applies to LMS software and systems.
Maintains procedures and policies to ensure the security and integrity of systems/networks.
Writes and maintains functional and technical procedures and policy documentation.
Creates and updates resources to train and support the use of appropriate learning technology, as subject matter expert for learning the use and development of the LMS the evaluation and reporting of learning & development at Karl Storz.


User Management LMS:

Manages user accounts as needed and assigns user permissions.
Supervises that users are permitted to access the LMS per guidelines and manages account approval and denial process.
Manages user roles, user certificates and other learning objects.


Course Management:


Supports global learning experts in creation and management of courses.
Manages external learning content (content curation, evaluation). Consults with stakeholders in use and selection of appropriate external learning content
Develops and updates standardized tools and reporting for ongoing access to learning information; generates standard and custom reports.
Supports and manages the overall course structure and sets up course programs based on specifications from the instructional designer.
Supports tracking of course revisions and history.


Troubleshooting, Reporting & System Administration:


Provides first line troubleshooting assistance for admins and leaners.
Reviews and monitors system performance in close collaboration with IT.
Works with the instructional technologist and instructional designers to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to access and content.
Collaborates with IT for administration of the system, which includes software updates, releases and interfaces.
Assists with data migrations, testing and working with IT and outside vendors to troubleshoot systems issues; supports development of processes.
Provides standard and ad-hoc reporting and analysis of LMS utilization


Required


Minimum 5-7 years of work experience with a minimum of 2 years of experience as an LMS administrator
Bachelor’s degree


Preferred

Preferred experience with SuccessFactors and SuccessFactors Learning
#LI-JG1

Working at KARL STORZ during COVID-19
KARL STORZ will continue to maintain a safe work environment for our employees. During the interview process, we encourage you to ask how COVID-19 may impact the role you are seeking. The impact and/or company-issued personal protection equipment may vary based on the nature and location of the role. Please click here to learn more about our response to COVID-19.

Employee Benefits Program Overview for U.S. Locations

Medical / Dental / Vision including a state of the art wellness program and pet insurance, too!*
3 weeks’ vacation, 10 holidays plus paid sick time*
401K retirement savings plan providing a match of 60% of the employee’s first 6% contribution
Section 125 Flexible Spending Accounts
Life, STD, LTD & LTC Insurance
Tuition reimbursement of up to $5,250 per year
Fitness reimbursement up to $200 annually
Employee referral program of up to $2,000 per hire
And much more!

Field sales, internships and part-time employees are not eligible except for where required by state law.
Non-employees, including temporary workers and consultants, are not eligible to participate in KARL STORZ benefits program.

KARL STORZ reserves the right to change or modify the employee’s job description whether orally or in writing, at any time during the employment relationship. Additionally, KARL STORZ, through its supervisors, may require an employee to perform duties outside their normal description within the sole discretion of the supervisor. Employee must comply will all applicable KARL STORZ policies and procedures.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. KARL STORZ is an Equal Opportunity Employer supporting EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability.

Reasonable Accommodation
If, at any point in the application process (including hiring), a candidate would like to request a reasonable accommodation due to a disability or a religious need, please email us at Taleo_Administrator@karlstorz.com and we'll be happy to engage in an interactive process with you.

Notice to Employment Agencies
This recruitment assignment is being managed directly by KARL STORZ’s Human Resources team. Human Resources will reach out to our preferred, contracted agency partners in the rare instance additional talent options are required. Your respect for this process is appreciated. KARL STORZ does not accept unsolicited Agency resumes. Resumes received which were unsolicited by KARL STORZ Human Resources department will be ineligible for referral fees."
63	13 days ago	Spin Master Ltd	HR Coordinator	"Are you a kid at heart looking to build a career with a leading global children's toy, entertainment and digital gaming company?
At Spin Master, our unwavering commitment to open mindedness, integrity and innovation is a great part of what has made us an industry leader. How do we stay ahead of the pack? By hiring the best and brightest minds—and that’s why we want you!
Job Description:
What will you work on?
The HR Coordinator will support two Senior HR Executives in a fast-paced position that requires a flawless work ethic as well as being able to juggle a multitude of complex projects. The ideal candidate is an independent thinker who can make good judgments and manage unpredictable situations. The candidate must be well organized, very efficient, extremely resourceful, and have an adaptable and positive service attitude. Candidate should be highly flexible and have the ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
How will you create impact?
Provide support to multiple HR functions
Act as custodian of corporate documents and records
Manage confidential correspondence and information.
How will you fit into the team?
An organized individual who lives for the deadlines!
Someone who is accountable – you’ll be working remotely!
A resilient and adaptable personality as plans can change from day to day
What are your skills and experience?
Minimum 2 years administration experience; at least 2 years supporting VP level or above
Proficient with Workday HRIS system
Proficient with MS Office (Word, PowerPoint and Excel) and Outlook
Associates degree required; Bachelor’s degree in a related field preferred
What’s it like to work here?
Spin Master is a fast-paced, hands-on organization that provides many great opportunities for impactful decision-making; though our challenging start-up atmosphere isn’t for everyone, we have a proven record of opportunities for future advancement and internal transfers for our passionate and results driven team.
What you can expect from us:
Our mission is to Make Life More Fun with a vision to push the boundaries of innovation, creativity, and fun. From top leadership to new and veteran team members alike, everyone at Spin Master embodies our Core Values:
We partner
We invent
We are open-minded
We collaborate
We get results
We’ve got integrity
We are entrepreneurs
Follow us on Instagram and Twitter @SpinMaster to stay up to date on Spin Master career opportunities.
We do appreciate all interest; however only those selected for interview will be contacted."
64	6 days ago	Lineage Logistics	Regional Recruiter	"Lead full life cycle recruiting process for multiple facilities within a designated geographic region. Professionally represent Lineage Logistics and affiliated entities to prospective applicants and serve as a strategic partner that guides recruitment efforts and achieves results.
KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Collaborate with human resources leadership and business leaders to develop recruiting strategies that promote diversity and ensure best practices
Develop and implement creative sourcing strategies that build top talent pipeline and enable meeting current and forecasted regional needs
Fill job requisitions within agreed upon performance metrics by completing recruiting activities – reviewing and dispositioning applicants, conducting phone screens, scheduling interviews, and moving applicants through hiring process
Create a positive hiring manager experience through the effective management of the interview and selection process, which includes facilitation of intake sessions, pre-interview calibrations, and post-interview debriefs
Generate weekly productivity reports to monitor individual performance metrics
Attend or host networking events to showcase the company, including onsite job fairs
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS (KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES)
2 years full cycle recruiting and sourcing experience
Proven experience in driving recruiting initiatives
Experience using an ATS, CRM or other applicant database tool; Workday Recruiting preferred
Proficient computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite, internet and social media research (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, etc.)
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to build relationships with internal and external customers
Excellent organizational skills, including the ability to multi-task and prioritize workload
Ability to work remotely and be self-driven to complete tasks without supervision
Ability to travel 10%
Ability to work a flexible work schedule and shift, including weekends if needed
Why Lineage?


This is an excellent position to begin your career path within Lineage! Success in this role enables greater responsibilities and promotions! A career at Lineage starts with learning about our business and how each team member plays a part each and every day to satisfy our customers’ requirements. Beyond that, you’ll help us grow and learn on our journey to be the very best employer in our industry. We’ll ask you for your opinion and ensure we do our part to keep you developing and engaged as we grow our business. Working at Lineage is energizing and enjoyable. We value respect and care about our team members.


Benefits (Applies to US candidates only)


Lineage provides safe, stable, reliable work environments, competitive pay, excellent Health and Dental benefits, 401K, and Paid Time Off and Sick Days"
65	30+ days ago	Kroger General Office	Talent Scout - Supermarket (Can Be Remote)	"Company Name: Kroger General Office
Position Type: Employee
FLSA Status: Exempt
Position Summary
Attract, identify and recruit top talent aligned to the talent acquisition strategy and support the staffing needs for the respective line of business. Work closely with business partners to attract, screen and recruit current and future candidates that will contribute to the long-range growth of the company. Demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion, and safety.
Essential Job Functions
Manage recruiting phases including research, co-sourcing, candidate assessment, offer recommendation, negotiation and acceptance
Partner with internal stakeholders (e.g., HR business partners and hiring managers) to gain a clear view of their hiring needs
Support company's diversity, equity and inclusion strategy by building a diverse slate of candidates
Determine candidate suitability by evaluating fit, compensation expectations, assessing relevant experience, education, and skills
Create robust candidate pools and pipelines who hold the necessary experience, skills and competencies
Utilize data analytics to drive talent acquisition decisions, recommendations and consultation (i.e., recruitment reporting)
Develop a full understanding of, and utilizes, reporting features of recruiting systems, including requisition reports, candidate status reports, etc. to be effective
Incorporate best practices in talent acquisition to ensure candidates and hiring managers have positive recruiting experiences and are effectively engaged throughout the process
Collaborate across talent acquisition teams to share best practices; promote talent pipeline and open roles
Assess and continually improve key service level metrics such as time-to-fill, quality of hires and candidate experience
Utilize established compensation tools and guidelines to determine compensation offers
Travel up to 25% to source candidates and support recruiting initiatives at networking, recruiting and diversity functions
Must be able to perform the essential job functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation
Minimum Position Qualifications
5+ years of experience in Human Resources and/or recruiting experience (full lifecycle recruiting)
3+ years of experience working within Applicant Tracking Systems (e.g., SuccessFactors, Oracle, Workday)
Strong business acumen and market insight
Effective negotiation, influencing, and communication (oral and written) skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment
Ability to prioritize workload and manage multiple projects
Flexibility and adaptability according to the changing needs and priorities of the organization
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Intermediate applicant tracking system/application skills
Exceptional personal bias for action
Desired Previous Experience/Education
Bachelor's Degree in human resources, organization development, business, marketing, or related field
PHR, SPHR, SHRM-CP or SHRM-SCP certification
Education Level: Bachelor's Desired
Required Travel: Up to 25%
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
Regions: General Office- Cincinnati; Any
States: Ohio; Alabama; Alaska; American Samoa; Arizona; Arkansas; California; Colorado; Connecticut; Delaware; District of Columbia; Federated States of Micronesia; Florida; Georgia; Guam; Hawaii; Idaho; Illinois; Indiana; Iowa; Kansas; Kentucky; Louisiana; Maine; Marshall Islands; Maryland; Massachusetts; Michigan; Minnesota; Mississippi; Missouri; Montana; Nebraska; Nevada; New Hampshire; New Jersey; New Mexico; New York; North Carolina; North Dakota; Northern Mariana Islands; Oklahoma; Oregon; Palau; Pennsylvania; Puerto Rico; Rhode Island; South Carolina; South Dakota; Tennessee; Texas; Utah; Vermont; Virgin Islands; Virginia; Washington; West Virginia; Wisconsin; Wyoming"
66	8 days ago	Veritas Collaborative	Clinical Learning and Development Specialist	"Clinical Learning and Development Specialist
Virtual Req #1436
 Tuesday, May 25, 2021
About Veritas Collaborative

Veritas Collaborative is a national healthcare system for the treatment of eating disorders. Providing a range of services for individuals of all ages, we offer inpatient, acute residential, partial hospitalization, intensive outpatient, and outpatient levels of care. Each patient’s care is individualized, evidence-based, and delivered in a gender-diverse and inclusive environment. Multidisciplinary treatment teams – made up of highly dedicated physicians, psychiatrists, dietitians, culinary professionals, therapists, nurses, education coordinators, administrative professionals, and skilled therapeutic assistants – aim to equip each patient and family with skills to continue recovery in the home environment.

Our Culture


We are a growing, mission-driven organization with a singular vision: a world in which all persons with eating disorders and their families have access to best-practice care and hold hope for a cure.

We expect a lot out of our employees; that’s why we hire people who share our passion for leaving the world a better a place than we found it. If you find yourself drawn to a stimulating, innovative environment, you’ll be happy you chose to work at Veritas Collaborative. We share a common belief that eating disorders are lethal, but they don’t have to be.

Join us, and help us save lives.
Position Summary:
The Clinical Learning and Development Specialist is responsible for implementing and maintaining the clinical learning and development strategy for The Emily Program. This includes conducting needs assessments, partnering with leadership on developing organization-wide training plans, managing clinical training projects, and designing clinical training content aligned with our clinical philosophy and organizational culture.

Responsibilities:

Design and Development – Instructional Design (40%)

Partners with leaders, the Clinical Training Coordinator, and subject matter experts (SMEs) across the organization to achieve desired outcomes through training. Accountability for achieving training outcomes will be shared between the accountable leader and the clinical learning and development specialist.
Designs, develops, and maintains training materials (all types of media) that would support strong performance outcomes.
Works collaboratively with leaders and SMEs to create, build, and revise training content.
Aggregates leader and SME feedback and seeks clarification where needed.
Analyzes and recommends learning solutions that achieve desired outcomes while supporting a geographically dispersed workforce.
Serves as a SME on select tools/applications used for learning activities, coaches others across the organization on best practices for these tools and participant engagement.

Delivery – Facilitation (35%)

Partners with leaders and SMEs on delivering of training efforts, which could include co-facilitating or sole facilitating, depending on topic.
Acts as backup for new employee orientation; delivers, facilitates, and manages new employee orientation

Management and Planning (15%)

Works with Learning and Development Manager to develop organization-wide learning and development plans that align with clinical philosophy, support organizational culture, and achieve learning outcomes.
Develops and implements processes for documenting, tracking, and reporting on learning and development activities and staff completion.
Ensure learning and development plans and activities are in conformance with licensing regulations and accreditation standards; works directly with the Compliance Department on regulatory activities as they relate to clinical training.
Supports new site openings as a member of the Expansion Team and oversees new site training plans.
Identifies gaps in learning and development and makes suggestions for improvement.
Identifies and implements methods to evaluate training effectiveness; works with applicable leaders and stakeholders to improve training outcomes.

Learning Administration (10%)

Publishes, tests, and uploads content to appropriate locations.
Maintains course catalogs, calendars, rosters, and schedules.
Generates and distributes standard training system reports to leadership.
In partnership with the IT Department, troubleshoots inquiries related to learning activities/LMS issues; escalates to other team members and/or vendor if necessary.
Identifies opportunities to streamline, simplify, and improve learner/participant experiences.
Participates in audit preparation for licensing regulations and accreditation standards related to training, as needed

Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in psychology, social work, or related field required
Current independent license required
At least 2 years of clinical experience
Learning and development experience strongly preferred
Demonstrated competency in applying adult learning principles in training design and development
Demonstrated ability to effectively teach adult learners through different methods (e.g., eLearning, instructor led training, blended learning)
Experience with technology-based instruction (virtual training)


Competencies:

Strong facilitation skills
Solid interpersonal skills with the demonstrated ability to develop and maintain productive relationships
Strong attention to detail and commitment to quality
Demonstrate initiative and exercise good judgement (e.g., in starting tasks, asking questions, identifying and discussing problems, ability to structure own work, stay on task)
Ability to prioritize and adapt to changing priorities
Shows passion for our business, clients, and values

Workplace Environment:

Sitting 70-75% and Standing 25-30%.
Bending, twisting, kneeling, stooping, or crouching when appropriate, on occasion.
Lift, carry, push or pull up to approx. 30 pounds (supplies, etc.)
At Veritas Collaborative, all full-time employees are eligible for benefits, including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, Paid-Time Off and 401(k).
Other details
Pay Type Hourly"
67	30+ days ago	Sonoco	Recruiting Partner	"While reporting to the Lead Talent Acquisition Partner, you will be responsible for full-cycle recruiting for specific business divisions and plants focus on Hourly and Salary Non Exempt positions. As a talent business partner, you will hire top talent from our candidates’ pool, gain competitive advantage and fuel the company’s growth through hiring quality talent. Working in partnership with hiring managers, you will strategically plan, source, attract, screen, select and onboard qualified employees.
You will proactively recruit for qualified candidates and maintain an active pipeline through a variety of resources, including social media, internet job boards, industry and community relationships
You will establish and cultivate relationships with hiring managers, plant personnel and senior division leaders
Your role will provide strategic insight and ownership of full talent acquisition processes for skilled and entry level high volume recruiting. This role will provide strategic insight and evaluate plant turnover, staffing trends, turnover trends and source for difficult hard to fill positions
You will ensure strong communication and provide updates on open positions through metrics and candidate pipeline tracking
You will lead Talent Acquisition related projects as assigned
This is a collaborative role cultivating strong working relationships with HR Managers and organizational leaders.
We are seeking an individual in the Kansas City area to focus on our Mid West manufacturing operations. Travel will be required in this role approximately 30%.
The successful candidate will have:
A Bachelor’s in Business, Human Resources, or related field, Master’s Degree preferred
A minimum of 6 + years’ experience in high volume full lifecycle recruiting. Must have experience providing important touch points with candidates and owning the offer, background and onboarding process up to the employee’s first day of work
Experience with online recruitment tools including ATS, CRM and additional online recruiting tools
Strong analytical experience using complex Microsoft Excel processes.
Experience working with Workday for an ATS is highly preferred
Strong verbal and written communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Experience with AAP compliance
Ability to work with a flexible schedule to accommodate interviews and phone screens
#ZR
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic."
68	12 days ago	GXM Consulting LLC	Human Resources Administrator	"Description:

GXM is looking to hire a dynamic, full-time Human Resources Administrator to work in Arlington, Virginia. This role is for a fast-paced technology development and program management company and previous experience with federal contracting and an entrepreneurial environment is desired. We are looking for a genuine people person who will actively engage with our 80+ employees across 18 states.
GXM is a team of creative professionals focused on solving problems for end users. We focus on turning innovation into actual application working with clients who need rapid problem solving and solution development for their organizations. If you are interested in working on challenging problems, having fun along the way with a team of passionate professionals, and making a difference for end users, you’ll fit right in.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Drives employee engagement programs and initiatives
Oversees and manages day to day HR activities with support from HR Generalist/Recruiter
Supervises and mentors HR Generalist/Recruiter
Develops HR strategy for the team
Accountable for the onboarding and offboarding process for all employees to ensure smooth transitions
Tracks training and professional development across the entire company including requests and completion
Assists with Payroll process and compensation updates
Maintains Personnel files and confidentiality of all matters
Collaborates with Admin Leads on personnel issues and files appropriate documentation
Provides HR Policy guidance and keeps the company employee handbook up to date including state addendums
Offers performance management guidance to all company leaders
Collaborates with vendors of benefits products
Ensures compliance with Federal, State, and local laws
Works in tandem with leadership to execute human resources strategies
Researches application of employment law in concert with corporate attorneys and other vendors
Works on ad-hoc assignments as needed; special projects
Supports resolution of GXM team member issues after hours/weekends/etc. based on timeliness of the issue
. Requirements:

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources or Business
Minimum of 6 years’ experience in HR field and supervision
PC-based strong familiarity and usage
Experience with HRIS/ATS system (Paylocity)
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Strong ability to prioritize multiple demands in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Member of SHRM
US citizenship is required
DESIRED:
Masters in Human Resource Management
Previous experience in a start-up / remote work culture
Servant Leadership
GXM reserves the right to forward all materials submitted with applications to third parties that may be involved in the evaluation process.
GXM is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity, and does not discriminate in the terms and conditions or privileges of employment on account of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, genetic information (including testing and characteristics), veteran status, uniformed service member status, hairstyles or hair textures, or otherwise that may be prohibited by federal and applicable state law."
69	30+ days ago	Concentrix	Talent Acquisition Professional	"Please Note: Job cannot be performed in the state of Colorado, USA.
Job Title:
Talent Acquisition Professional
Job Description
The Professional I, Talent Acquisition ensures that staffing requirements are met to identify, attract and onboard top talent to efficiently and effectively meet dynamic business needs. This position is responsible assisting with development of recruiting strategy and working with various clients to assess hiring needs and interview candidates for IT positions for Tigerspike Concentrix.
Essential Functions/Core Responsibilities
Responsible for development, implementation and administration of recruitment programs
Assist with development of innovative, creative, and proactive recruitment strategies to meet the business needs of each client, internal department, and appropriate stakeholders
Conduct initial screening interviews, telephone interviews, and/or face-to-face interviews with prospective applicants
Work with hiring manager(s) and appropriate stakeholders to determine final decisions on candidate hiring; make recommendations on appropriate hire(s) based on need and candidate interaction
Partner with HR and Compensation to offer competitive compensation packages and facilitate negotiation with candidates
Leverage various resources - internet, community organizations, print media, formal/informal networks, colleges, trade associations - to directly and indirectly source qualified candidates
Surfaces candidates and develops networks of people and processes to support a strong pipeline of qualified candidates
Ensures the maintenance of accurate and concise records and reports concerning all phases of the recruitment process, working within the Applicant Tracking System (ATS) and HRIS tools
Responsible for developing and applying an in-depth knowledge of the job specifications to include experience, skills, and behavioral competencies needed for success in each role
Maintain consistent standards for all applicants and ensures compliance with all local rules and regulations related to hiring and recruiting
Promote the Company image to candidates and external service providers and ensures that the Company is represented in the most accurate and appropriate way to all candidates and personally drives the highest standards of ethical behavior for all involved in the recruiting processes
Candidate Profile
2-4 years of relevant experience in IT and Consultative Sales Recruiting is required for this role.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, prioritize, and meet timelines on deliverables
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Self-starter, sense of urgency, works well under pressure, ability to work in high-velocity environment
Awareness of recruiting metrics and trends: retention, quality of hire, net throughput, etc.
Sense of professionalism and ability to develop relationships
Strong attention to detail
Ability to handle and maintain confidential information
Career Level Description
Requires knowledge and experience in own discipline; still acquiring higher level knowledge and skills. Analyzes possible solutions using standard procedures and principles. Builds knowledge of the organization, processes and customer. Solves a range of straightforward problems. Receives a moderate level of guidance and direction.
Disclaimer
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel working within this job title.
Concentrix is an equal opportunity employer. Concentrix evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability status or any other legally protected characteristic.
#NANCNX
msja
Location:
USA, OH, Work-at-Home
Language Requirements:
Time Type:
Full time"
70	12 days ago	MAXIMUS	HR Compliance Analyst	"Essential Job Duties (Text Only): This is a remote position. Job Description Summary WD USA:

The HR Compliance Analyst will gather, compile, analyze and interpret data necessary for external (government) and internal EEO compliance, reporting, and monitoring. This role will assist in the research and monitoring of EEOC/AAP, OFCCP, VETs, disabled and other anti-discrimination compliance practices, including meeting DOL audit timelines by using project management principles. This role partners with human resources and business leaders to evaluate the current use and performance of Compliance programs and assist in developing recommendations on improvement.
Â Job Summary:

Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Responsible for validating data for EEOC and OFCCP annual regulatory filings. Conduct related audit activity and research.
Create audits for new processes to ensure data integrity and compliance
Analyzes and distributes reports to ensure compliance with federal, state and local government regulations and Company policies and procedures.
Monitor’s outreach programs, analyzes ROI, identifies opportunity gaps, and recommends resolutions to under achievement of goals
Performs regular scheduled audits of HR data and identifies realignment as required.
Propose new or edit existing MAXIMUS policies to support organizational initiatives or legislative changes.
Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences.
Develops and delivers training regarding compliance activities across the organization
Performs other duties as assigned by management.
Create adhoc reports
Complete EEO data for proposals
Send annual vendor notifications
Requirements & Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree required preferably in Human Resources or business-related field
Minimum of two to four years of related experience required
Working knowledge of local, state and federal laws, regulations and policies
One to two years of experience with OFCCP/EEO/AAP related functions, as well as knowledge of laws governing these functions is preferred
Strong analytical skill set and experience with research and project initiatives
Strong attention to detail
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to perform comfortably in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented work environment
Ability to successfully execute many complex tasks simultaneously
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
Proficiency in MS Office software required (Excel, Word, and Power Point)
Education and Experience Requirements:
Advanced Excel skills: Formulas, Pivot Tables and V Lookups
PowerPoint or MS Project
Project/Position Introduction (MAX 500 Characters): Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status."
71	9 days ago	WW International	REMOTE - Talent Acquisition Partner (Temporary)	"WW is looking for candidates to help change people’s lives. We are a global wellness technology company inspiring millions of people to adopt healthy habits for real life. We do this through engaging digital experiences, face-to-face workshops and sustainable programs that encourage people to move more, shift their mindset and eat healthier while enjoying the foods they love. By drawing on over five decades of experience and expertise in behavioral science, we build communities in order to deliver wellness for all.
Role Overview:
The Talent Acquisition Partner is responsible for full-cycle recruitment and driving recruiting success throughout the WW US Studio Team. This will be achieved through providing quality end-to-end high volume, multi-location recruitment support to field leaders. You will have the opportunity to hire talent that works directly with our members by filling open Studio Team Member roles in the assigned Region with high caliber talent. You must be able to work independently but also build relationships and strong communications with hiring managers. You must be strategic as well as tactical to identify talent and move them through the recruitment process while always providing exceptional candidate experience. This opportunity is a temporary position. You can live anywhere and work 100% remotely. This is a tremendous opportunity to make an immediate impact and take your career to the next level.
Key Responsibilities:
Manage end to end recruitment process in a high volume recruiting environment supporting multi-location field structure
Candidate flow management in Workday (ATS) including; reviewing, screening, scheduling interviews, background checks and offer stage management
Provide a consistent and positive candidate experience throughout the entire recruiting process with proactive communication and engagement
Demonstrate the ability to keenly identify motivation and potential within talent and match to current and future openings
Leverage in-market networks, community relationships, social media and other methods to attract top talent and build a talent pipeline
Thoroughly vet candidates and make recommendations to diminish time from screen to offer
Evaluate sourcing effectiveness and explore innovative candidate sourcing channels
Provides recommendations and tools for localized employment events, such as job fairs and targeted advertising campaigns
Continually seek out process improvements and identify ways to enhance hiring manager and candidate experience
Participates in special projects, as needed
Requirements:
Ability to prioritize shifting demands in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with track record of building positive relationships
Minimum of 3+ years successful recruiting experience, preferably in the retail industry
Demonstrated knowledge of hiring techniques required to source candidates via Indeed and LinkedIn
Ability to utilize Workday (Applicant Tracking System) to identify and track candidates is strongly desired
At WW, it is our priority to cultivate a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are committed as individuals, as an organization, and as fellow humans, to advocate for and support our employees, our members, and our communities. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability."
72	30+ days ago	Caliburn International	Employee Relations Specialist (Remote Possible)	"Our vision aims to empower our clients by actively leveraging our broad range of services. With our global presence, we have career opportunities all across the world which can lead to a unique, exciting and fulfilling career path. Pick your path today! To see what career opportunities we have available, explore below to find your next career!
The Employee Relations Specialist will support the organization with a focus on employee relations, employee development, and human resources business partner support. The Employee Relations Specialist will assist with employee training and development, and partner with management on effective issuance of progressive discipline and performance management actions.


This position may also be directly aligned with a business unit, providing HR generalist expertise to an employee base across one or more contracts, CONUS and/or OCONUS.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Administer and interprets policy and procedure, disciplinary process and provides employee relations support to management staff.
Serves as the initial contact and liaison for intake and assessment of employee complaints.
Conducts initial interviews and gathers information for employee relations matters such as harassment allegations, work complaints, or other concerns; informs appropriate HR staff when additional investigation is required.
Perform and document investigations, refer to legal counsel when applicable, make recommendations to management team.
Provides advice and counsel to managers and supervisors regarding personnel practices, policy, and employment laws.
Assists with recordkeeping related to hiring, termination, leave, transfer, and promotion particularly as related to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO), affirmative action, and diversity initiatives.
Ensures compliance with all state and federal employment regulations.
Provides customer service support by answering employee requests and questions.
Assists with administration and processing of terminations.
Files papers and documents into appropriate employee files.
Assists or prepares correspondence.
May conducts exit interviews and analyzes trends.
Performs other related duties as required and assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources preferred, or related field, with 5+ years of experience in HR
Strong government contracting experience is required.
Excellent interpersonal, negotiation, and conflict resolution skills.
Prior employee relations experience conducting workplace investigations to include interviewing witnesses, gathering facts, analyzing and making recommendations on findings, writing reports.
Proficiency with computer, MS office products and common office equipment.
Ability to work independently, takes initiative, and comfortable working virtually as needed.
Problem solving—identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.
High level of discretion and professionalism in handling sensitive employee matters.
Oral communication—speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and may conduct orientations.
Excellent written communication—attention to detail for spelling and grammar, presents numerical data effectively.
Planning/organizing—prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.
Adaptability—the individual adapts to changes in the work environment, manages competing demands and is able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events.
Dependability—the individual is consistently at work and on time, follows instructions, responds to management direction and solicits feedback to improve performance.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Current Human Resources certifications
Prior workplace investigations training
Experience with Workday
Bilingual in English and Spanish would be a plus.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Work is normally performed in a typical interior/office work environment
Work involves sitting and standing for prolonged periods of time.
May require bending, stooping and lifting up to 15lbs.
Caliburn International is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status."
73	6 days ago	Guardian Corporate	Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Talent Acquisition Specialist
Remote Position
The Talent Acquisition Specialist will support the recruiting and hiring of employees across all roles within the organization. The role will engage with our clinical and business leaders and help to identify and select the future talent of Guardian. This role reports to the Director of Talent Acquisition and is responsible to partner with Operations and HR leaders in all regions.
Primary Job Responsibilities:
Works with regional operations and HR business partners to gain insight into the short/medium/long term business needs and current talent challenges
Implement innovative recruiting methods and procedures, with a focus on filling corporate and practice level positions
Create and post job opportunities with the most effective recruiting sources to attract slates of diverse, qualified candidates (job boards, networks, professional associations, strategic recruiting partners, etc.)
Leads internal searches and identifies the best talent both internally for key vacancies
Screen candidates and interview for select clinical roles to identify top talent and create shortlists of candidates utilizing criteria agreed with hiring managers
Develop relationships with hiring managers, identify and present diverse, qualified candidates and keep hiring managers updated on screening and hiring status
Responsible for the delivery of talent acquisition processes including ensuring overall search quality
Supports employer branding activities, University relationships, professional program partnerships and training programs where applicable
Recommends continuous improvements and leads implementation of changes to recruiting tools and processes and ensures compliance with local legislation and HR policies
Supports utilization of timely data analytics and reporting activities to manage candidate pipeline and other recruitment metrics
Utilize and enhance applicant tracking and related systems and documentation
Continuously enhance recruiting processes to ensure an outstanding applicant experience
Perform other related assigned duties as necessary to complete the Primary Job Responsibilities as described above

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources or related field
Minimum of 5 years’ experience with full lifecycle recruiting including position definition, sourcing/marketing plan, candidate outreach and screening methodologies
Excellent creative ability in sourcing candidates
Demonstrated success with various recruiting strategies and techniques, including use of digital and social media
Strong end-to-end process thinking and experience of managing change projects
Knowledge of different recruitment platforms and experience leveraging these tools to source candidates
Healthcare experience strongly preferred
Excellent relationship building, collaboration and driving team spirit capabilities with a history of working effectively with a wide range of stakeholders
Self-driven, resilient, energetic, enthusiastic and inclusive
Sound judgment and decision-making, intellectually curious
Ability to effectively prioritize, balance multiple projects and processes and adhere to strict deadlines
Position also requires analytical/problem solving abilities, effective verbal and written communication skills, attentiveness to detail and proficiency in Microsoft Office products (specifically, Excel and PowerPoint)
High moral standards
Must have work authorization that permits working with Guardian in the US
Compensation & Structure:
Base Compensation: $55,000-$65,000 based on qualifications and experience.
401k Program: Participation in 401k plan with 4% company match
Benefits: Competitive health, dental, vision, Long term and short term disability and life insurance plans
Location: Remote
Guardian Dentistry is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, protected veteran status, disability status or other legally protected status. Guardian Dentistry will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship."
74	8 days ago	SIRVA	Recruiter	"Recruiter
Fort Wayne, IN, USA  Independence, OH, USA  Oakbrook Terrace, IL, USA  Virtual Req #818
 Tuesday, May 25, 2021
The Recruiter is responsible for sourcing, screening, and recommending qualified candidates to Hiring Managers for the position(s). This position is responsible for building pipelines, scheduling interviews, posting new positions, and extending offers. This role will be responsible for the execution of the SIRVA Talent Acquisition strategy within the region through collaboration with the region leadership and the HR team.

Responsibilities:
Recruiting:
Source for candidates using LinkedIn and other recruiting platforms where active and passive candidates can be identified
Partner with Human Resources and Hiring Managers to understand staffing needs
Identify talent through sourcing strategies including; cold calling, referrals and internal networks
Build Pipeline of candidates for frequently hired positions and departments
Develop industry-specific partnerships for networking purposes
Proactively conduct research and investigate new ideas to create innovative sourcing strategies
Conduct candidate interviews to evaluate, identify, and summarize relevant experience and skills
Schedule interviews to present qualified, interested, candidates to Hiring Managers
Schedule travel for candidates as necessary
Prepare requisitions for approval and post internally and externally
Prepare and deliver offer letters-monitor for signed and returned offers
Special projects involving process improvements

Works with Director of Global Talent Acquisition to build and execute a cost effective recruiting strategic plan for the Region

On Boarding Duties:
Conduct and assist with monitoring pre-employment background/drug checks for candidates
Work with HR Managers to establish course of action for background checks needing further review where relevant
Serve as point of contact for all administrative functions as it relates to the act of hiring
All other duties as assigned


Qualifications and Preferred Skills:
Human Resources or Business Management Degree
2+ years of full-cycle recruiting
Demonstrated track record of managing complex initiatives
Strong Business Acumen Skills
Proven track record on innovative change
Ability to influence without authority
Strong process orientation
#LI-KP1
SIRVA Worldwide Relocation and Moving is a global leader in moving and relocation services, offering solutions for mobility programs to companies of every size. With 75 owned locations and more than 1,000 franchised and agent locations in 177 countries, we offer unmatched global breadth supported by localized attention and innovative technology that strikes the right balance of self service and human support. From relocation and household goods to commercial moving and storage, our portfolio of Brands (SIRVA, Team Relocations, Allied, northAmerican, & SMARTBOX) provides the only integrated moving/relocation solution in the industry. By leveraging our global network, we deliver a superior experience that only a “one-stop shop” can provide. We’re a team that works globally to provide the best service locally — a company that is everything you need, everywhere you need it. For more information please visit www.sirva.com.
SIRVA brings together strong, collaborative people in a dynamic culture of mutual respect, support, and passion for the brand and product. We believe innovation drives winning performance, and we constantly challenge ourselves to be the very best we can in every aspect of our business. You will be surrounded by some of the brightest and most driven people in the industry. At SIRVA, you will be in great company!

At SIRVA, we're committed to cultivating a workplace that reflects the diversity of the global organizations that we serve. We recognize that building an inclusive, engaged company culture results in empowered employees that reflect a wide range of approaches and perspectives. Those perspectives lead to new ideas. New ideas lead to innovation and excellence. Our approach to diversity, equality and inclusion is driven by a commitment to these values and a belief that diversity makes our company stronger.
SIRVA is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military status, genetic information or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state, or local laws. SIRVA also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.


It is also SIRVA's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions. The Federal EEO Law Poster may be found at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf.

If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability of any part of the employment process, please send an email to Human Resources at HRSIRVA@SIRVA.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
Other details
Pay Type Hourly"
75	22 days ago	Allina Health System	Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Department: 16001018 Human Resources Recruitment
Shift: Day (United States of America)
Hours: 40
Contract:

Weekend Rotation:

Job Profile Summary: Delivers all facets of the recruiting processes to enable leaders to identify and hire exceptional talent to deliver on our mission. Provides consultation to leaders through the full cycle process from open position through orientation by creating a robust hiring strategy that identifies sourcing and selection activities while ensuring an excellent candidate experience.
Job Description:


Principle Responsibilities
Primarily focused on a variety of clinical and non-clinical roles that require implementation of strategic recruitment and sourcing initiatives.
Partners with management and Human Resources colleagues to understand job specifications/requirements, competencies, make salary recommendations and negotiate starting salary with candidates.
Consults with applicable stakeholders to identify their business strategies, talent needs, set realistic expectations, establish timeframes, sourcing plans and review talent availability.
Evaluates employment factors such as job experience, education and training, skills, knowledge and abilities, licensure and other data pertinent to classification, selection, and referral.
Sources active and passive candidates, develops networks to ensure constant flow of qualified candidates using various tools such as social media, career fairs, agencies and recruiting contractors.
Develops a pool of qualified and diverse candidates in advance of need to build networks to find qualified passive candidates.
Leads the creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position.
Phone screens and conducts interviews to recruit prospective employees.
Communicates with managers and employees regularly to establish rapport, gauge morale, and source new candidate leads.
Facilitates a fully compliant recruitment process by leveraging applicant tracking system and standardized tools.
Provides applicants with information on the company, culture, oversees background checks and drug testing, check references and ensure successful hiring and on-boarding process.
Utilizes workforce plans, data and analytics to influence the recruitment strategies and hiring decision.
Participates in talent acquisition projects.
Implements talent acquisition processes and successfully navigate change initiatives.
Other duties as assigned.


Job Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, business or related field required
2 to 5 years of experience and intermediate level knowledge of full life cycle recruitment including sourcing, prescreening, interviewing and employment law required and
Less than 2 years of experience performing recruitment activities in a union environment preferred

Leadership Capabilities
See the Big Picture: Know where we are going as an organization. Use sound judgement and critical thinking to make good decisions that support our mission.
I know where Allina is going and how my role fits into this picture
I capture important lessons and share them to foster innovation
I am good at anticipating the implications of my decisions
I understand and apply the disciplines of continuous improvement
Inspire Greatness: Inspire others by connecting their purpose to the broader mission. Lead others through change and celebrate success.
I help my team connect to the broader mission
I see and fulfill my role in motivating the team around me
I celebrate success and help my partners see what is possible with change
I call out and address unexpected roadblocks or problems
Foster Learning and Growth: Role model growth, ongoing development and self-care. Empower, coach and encourage others to be at their best selves.
I role-model self-care and ongoing development
I share my knowledge and coach others to foster growth and success
I demonstrate enthusiasm for learning
I candidly advocate for the resources I need
I support my colleagues in their development and growth
Deliver Excellence: Set and align clear goals, measure results, and continually improve safety, quality, experience, and innovation.
I take ownership of outcomes and fulfillment of goals
I facilitate adjustments to assure positive results
I work with a sense of urgency, concern and determination
I use well-grounded approaches to create sustainable solutions repeatedly
I engage and foster improvements to impact safety, quality, and efficiency
Succeed Together:Connect with others authentically. Recognize the value of each individual and seek diverse points of view. Collaborate to succeed together.
I consider how decisions might impact my colleagues
I am generous in my commitment to supporting the needs of my partners
I respect others’ opinions, praise good work and encourage all team members to be involved
I seek common ground and work to create mutually beneficial outcomes

Functional Competencies
Communication Skills: Communicates using persuasion and authority.
Collaboration: Maintains mutually beneficial partnerships with other functions.
Analytical Thinking: Diagnoses issues using a systematic and methodical approach.
Problem Solving: Arrives at a conclusion based on previous experiences and good judgment.
Functional Knowledge: Thorough understanding of his/her discipline and a rudimentary understanding of other disciplines.

Physical Demands
Sedentary:

Lifting weight Up to 10 lbs. occasionally, negligible weight frequently

Additional Job Description:
This is a remote/work from home position."
76	30+ days ago	Granicus	Global Benefits Analyst	"Granicus is looking for an enthusiastic and dedicated Global Benefits Administrator to oversee all medical, supplemental, life disability, tax savings, retirement, and statutory benefit programs for Granicus employees across the world.

This individual will be instrumental in the design, maintenance, and compliance of Granicus’s benefits packages meant to attract and retain employees. The ideal candidate is organized, creative, and has experience in relationship management and strategic planning.


What You'll Do:

Understands the confidential nature of HR data and adheres to all Granicus policies related to confidentiality and security of personal information in all communications and transactions.
Assists with day-to-day benefit enrollment and processing activities during high volume periods and in the absence of the HR Operations coordinator as needed.
Partners with HR Operations Coordinator to manage open enrollment and other high-impact enrollment events.
Oversees routine and ad hoc audits of benefit enrollment/termination and billing/funding, and COBRA administration to ensure continued accuracy and handles the review and processing of all benefits related costs.
Oversees employee benefit eligibility, government mandated benefit requirements, and compliance reporting such as annual retirement audit periods and benefit filings for health and welfare plans.
Processes claims or requests for leaves of absence, disability, worker’s compensation.
Acts as a point of escalation for sensitive and/or complex benefits queries and acts as intermediary between benefits providers, brokers, and employees as needed.
Collaborates with the HRIS and Payroll Administrators on benefit and deduction configuration and testing, and the employee enrollment experience within our HRIS.
Collaborates with internal and external partners to design, create, and publish educational benefit material.
Plans and executes wellness events including flu and health screening clinics, quarterly informational webinars, and retirement education presentations.
Serves as primary contact for brokers, providers, vendors, third-party administrators.
Conducts research and analysis of industry trends, employee surveys, and workplace best practices in order to design benefits packages that are competitive, meet employee needs, and support organizational goals.
Explores and evaluates third-party benefit vendors and participates in provider selection and implementation.
Evaluates and revises internal processes to reduce costs and increase efficiency.

Who You Are:

Solid understanding of different statutory and voluntary benefit programs and relevant compliance
Experience with self-funded medical plans is a plus
Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with individuals at all levels within the organization
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks requiring methodical and meticulous attention-to-detail
Initiative to improve processes in a fast-paced work environment
Proficiency in MS Office is required
Previous experience with UKG Pro (formerly UltiPro) is strongly preferred

starting rate may vary by experience and/or location

#LI-KG1"
77	5 days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Sr. HRIS Analyst - Human Capital Technologies - Minnetonka, MN or Telecommute	"UnitedHealth Group is a company on the rise. We’re expanding in multiple directions, across borders and most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn’t about another gadget, it’s about transforming the healthcare industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life’s best work.(sm)
As a Human Capital Technology Senior Analyst, you will be responsible for providing creative solutions for complex problems through research and analysis of data, processes and HR system capabilities. Core responsibilities will include documenting Requirements, creating a Functional Design, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Implementing Change Requests following a predefined process. As an individual contributor you will support Global Self Service (GSS) Payroll related functionality while maintaining data integrity across all Business areas that utilize an integrated platform for Human Capital Management.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required qualifications:
Human Capital Management system experience
Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
A proven track record in problem solving system related functionality gaps
Analytical experience in researching the root cause and effect of system functionality
Experience with comprehension of relational database functionality
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Technology, or related field
5+ years’ experience in Human Capital applications
Experienced in Payroll processing Domestic or International Employee populations
Experience with SQL or other reporting capabilities
Experience with Microsoft applications with an emphasis in Access and Excel
Experienced in working in a change management environment
Careers at UnitedHealth Group. We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these select few, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 7 company. We provide an environment where you're empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks. And we offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. We believe the most important is the opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $64,800 to $116,000. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: telecommute, telecommuter, remote, work from home, Minnetonka, Minnesota, MN, 930027."
78	3 days ago	Shake Shack	Talent Acquisition Coordinator ? Field Hourly Staffing (Remote)	"Work it! Here at Shake Shack, we take care of each other first and foremost so that we can make raves for our guests, community, suppliers, and investors. After all, teamwork makes the dream work. We work our buns off, but we play hard too, with a Team Appreciation Day, unlimited meal discounts, volunteer opportunities, and so much more. If you’re looking for a deeply fulfilling, financially rewarding, and really fun career, you’re in the right place.
Talent Acquisition Coordinator – Field Hourly Staffing
Reporting to the Manager Talent Acquisition, the Talent Acquisition Coordinator is responsible for executing recruitment strategy and support for Team Member hiring at all Shacks across their designated region. The TA Coordinator will provide oversight of active Team Member requisitions and talent pipelines, serving as a Brand Ambassador within the region to engage future candidates with the Shake Shack employment brand. By flexing to support hiring managers as needed with recruitment and hiring processes, the TA Coordinator plays a critical role in the TM hiring process from application to orientation, ensuring an elevated experience at every step for both managers and candidates. The TA Coordinator upholds our Company standards and values, while partnering with Shack hiring managers to build talented and diverse teams, demonstrating the ability to leverage all available resources to bridge gaps and balance the strength of their collective area. The TA Coordinator is a collaborative and customer-service focused role that supports hiring managers in hiring top talent across all Team Member openings, while maintaining an efficient and effective hiring process.
Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities
Recruitment Strategy & Hiring Process:
Support the Team Member staffing process by partnering with Shack hiring managers to ensure strong talent pipelines and efficient hiring processesProactively execute upon Team Member recruitment strategy, ensuring recruitment tactics utilized are customized to each Shack’s needs and pivoting tactics as neededFlex to support Shack hiring managers as needed with requisition management, candidate screening, interviewing scheduling, and orientation scheduling/prework.
Employment Branding:

Support Shack hiring managers as needed with employment branding and recruitment efforts, local hiring events and career fairs, digital recruitment marketing and job postings, collateral and signage ordering, etc.Serve as a key participant in the Shake Shack Brand Ambassador program, advocating for participation across the region and providing employment brand training as needed.
Resources & Tools:
Assist TA Specialist in vetting new vendor resources and tools, compiling

Elevated Experience:
Provide Shack hiring managers with first class customer service and support with Team Member staffingProvide candidates and future Shack Team Members with an elevated candidate experience that is positive, memorable, and enjoyable.Assist hiring managers in creating and executing an elevated employee onboard and orientation experience, maximizing digital technology to reduce administrative work while maintaining a personal element to the process.
Metrics & Analytics:
Regularly review recruitment marketing campaign progress and ROI to identify areas of success and opportunities for improvementCollect and utilize candidate feedback to regularly improve the recruiting, hiring, and onboarding experience.Regularly review staffing goals to ensure proactive recruitment efforts are in place across region in support of growing revenues across all Shacks in the region
Skills & Knowledge
Managing Complex Business Decisions and Business Acumen
Dealing with Ambiguity
Self-Development and Growth
Organization and Delegation
Qualifications and Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources or related field
At least 2 years of Talent Acquisition related work experience, preferably in high volume recruitment
Prior experience supporting field locations or a multi-unit region preferred
Benefits include:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Transit Discount Program
401K Plan with Company Match
Paid Time Off Program
Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Dining Program
Referral Bonus
Online Training Program
Career Development
Corporate Fitness Discount Programs
Choice of Global Cash Card or Direct Deposit
Colorado Applicants: $22.45- $29.18 an hour (potential for higher depending on experience)
About Us
Beginning as a hot dog cart in New York City’s Madison Square Park, Shake Shack was created by Danny Meyer, Founder and CEO of Union Square Hospitality Group and best-selling author of Setting the Table. Shack Fans lined up daily, making the cart a resounding success, and donating all proceeds back to the park beautification efforts. A permanent stand was eventually built…and the rest is Shack history! With our roots in fine dining and giving back to the community, we are committed to high quality food served with a high level of hospitality. Our team members enjoy a positive work environment that is deeply committed to the philosophy they we ""Stand for Something Good.""
Shake Shack is an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, creed, age (over 40), disability (mental and physical), sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital, military and veteran status.
Our company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws."
79	30+ days ago	Cetera Financial Group	Human Resources Business Partner	"The HR Business Partner is a key member of the HR Team and will partner with and support the Senior HR Business Partners and their respective business units delivering end-to-end human resources. As the HR team will need to be nimble, this role will also work on various projects and may support 1-2 enterprise HR processes.
The successful candidate will be excited about the opportunity to contribute to the build-out of Ceteraâ€™s human resources capabilities and contributing toward the development of a best-in-class, business-focused human resources team.
What you will do:
Effectively partner with and support our awesome HR team to provide a full range of HR services in the areas of talent acquisition, employee relations, compensation, and leadership and employee development
Promote a culture of success, pride, performance, discipline, and creativity. Be an effective spokesperson and champion for HR value and CFG in the industry and local communities across the country
Support talent management programs; including providing coaching and assistance on setting objectives, providing written and verbal feedback and conducting mid-year and annual performance reviews
Perform HRIS activities to include: transfer, promotions and manager changes
Support the collective HR team with full-cycle performance management and compensation programs
Ensure compliance with the state and federal laws and regulations relating to human resources
Assist with creating new jobs, updating job descriptions and ensuring roles are aligned with business and market strategy
Support HRBPs with various employee relations matters. Provide guidance with general leave, benefits and policy questions
Partner with our L&D team to enhance our vast HR training modules and programs (Cetera YOUniversity)
Taking time to thoroughly understand the business needs and priorities, translating them into an executable human resources strategy
Ensure the consistent application of HR policies, processes and systems within the business
Regularly runs standard and ad-hoc reports and analyses using the Companyâ€™s HRIS
Performs other related duties as required and assigned
What you need to have:
Bachelorâ€™s Degree in Human Resources or Business
5+ years working in the human resources field
3+ years working knowledge of:
HRIS systems; transaction management
(ATS) recruiting systems, processes and best practices
Employment law
3+ years of professional experience with Excel, PowerPoint and HR systems
Really catch our eye with:
3+ years HR Generalist experience
Experience in a specialty function area of human resources
Professional in Human Resources (PHR) certification
Self-starter who can work with minimal directions
Our top performers share the following traits:
Adaptable to change in a fast-paced environment
Courteous and empathetic to client concerns
Superior listening skills
Positive role model to colleagues
Team player attitude
Energetic and results-oriented
What we give you in return:
Our competitive Health program offers a comprehensive benefits package that supports healthy lifestyles, preventative care and helps to protect against hardship. Our retirement plan offers our employees the opportunity to plan ahead for a strong financial future well beyond their working years.
About Cetera Financial Group:
Cetera Financial Group Â® (""Cetera"") is a leading network of independent retail broker-dealers empowering the delivery of objective financial advice to individuals, families and company retirement plans across the country through trusted financial advisors and financial institutions. Cetera is the second-largest independent financial advisor network in the nation by number of advisors, as well as a leading provider of retail services to the investment programs of banks and credit unions.
Through its multiple distinct firms, Cetera offers independent and institutions-based advisors the benefits of a large, established broker-dealer and registered investment adviser, while serving advisors and institutions in a way that is customized to their needs and aspirations. Advisor support resources offered through Cetera include award-winning wealth management and advisory platforms, comprehensive broker-dealer and registered investment adviser services, practice management support and innovative technology.
"" Cetera Financial Group "" refers to the network of retail independent broker-dealers encompassing, among others, Cetera Advisors , Cetera Advisor Networks , Cetera Financial Institutions, Cetera Financial Specialists , First Allied Securities , and Summit Brokerage Services .
Cetera Financial Group is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. For us, this is the only acceptable way to do business. Accordingly, all employment decisions at the Cetera Financial Group, including those relating to hiring, promotion, transfers, benefits, compensation, and placement, will be made without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, age, physical and/or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic characteristics, religion, religious dress and/or grooming, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, U.S. military status, political affiliation, or any other class protected by state and/or federal law.
Agencies please note: this recruitment assignment is being managed directly by Ceteraâ€™s Talent Acquisition team. We will reach out to our preferred agency partners in the rare instance we require additional talent options. Your respect for this process is appreciated"
80	20 days ago	Covanta	Contract Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Join us in creating a sustainable future and becoming a protector of tomorrow!
Contract Talent Acquisition Specialist
Central / Southern Florida preferred
Remote / Virtual
Why You’re Needed:
Covanta provides essential services to millions of people across North America and abroad. We strive to continue providing the highest caliber of sustainable waste and energy solutions to our customers in a safe and inclusive manner. Your primary focus is to more effectively support our facilities needing higher volume support (Southeastern US) to reach this goal. Although this will be a remote role, you will need to be geographically aligned with at least one of our facilities – ideally in Central or Southern Florida
What You’ll Do:
The Talent Acquisition Sourcing / Recruiting Specialist will be an addition to Covanta’s highly engaged Talent Acquisition team to support our growing needs. You will be part of a team of passionate and collaborative professionals responsible for a variety of talent acquisition activities to hire high potential talent at different locations in US. This is a temporary/consulting role supporting our Energy From Waste (EfW) facilities.
You will supplement Covanta's talent sourcing footprint, build talent pipelines, expand the reach of Covanta's employment brand and support talent acquisition operations in a high volume, high touch environment.
In this consulting role, you will:
Support talent sourcing needs, with a keen eye for diverse and underrepresented talent, across different functions, levels and geographies
Partner with members of the hiring teams to develop effective job posting and sourcing strategies
Identify and develop candidates pipelines primarily through self-sourcing and low fee resources
Screen and deliver a slate of qualified, diverse candidates within the target compensation range
Provide exceptional experience to the candidates and your internal/ external partners
Be a super user/admin of the ATS / RMS
Provide timely metrics, reports and status updates on assigned requisitions/ projects or as requested
Maintain a sound understanding of Covanta’s value proposition, business and hiring needs, industry trends and niche sites
Participate in industry, diversity, veteran and college hiring events
Partner with other team members on projects, innovative sourcing strategies and creative cost-effective solutions
Other Talent Acquisition & HR initiatives, as needed
Work in compliance with industry rules, regulations and practices
Maintain confidentiality, accuracy and keep sensitive information secured
Be an effective, efficient and engaged partner
What You’ll Bring:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred, however we will consider candidates with commensurate experience who possess an Associate’s Degree.
At least 3 years of full lifecycle Talent Acquisition and Sourcing experience in an industrial or manufacturing industry. Prior Agency experience, in addition to Corporate environments, would be preferred
Experience supporting industrial, engineering, operations, technical roles.
Strong working knowledge of one or more Enterprise level ATS tools is needed (Workday Recruit / Taleo / ICIMS / etc…)
Customer service orientation with ability to build strong relationships and credibility with hiring managers and candidates
Strong results orientation, with high sense of urgency
Solid knowledge of current OFCCP and associated laws pertaining to recruiting is required as well as an understanding of HR policies / practices
Demonstrated expertise in direct candidate sourcing methodology and practices with a keen eye for Diversity and Inclusion.
Expertise with associated talent sourcing technologies and resources (passive networks, user communities, LinkedIn Recruiter, Indeed, Diversity and affinity sites)
Ability to drive sourcing campaigns independently and manage multiple searches effectively
Ability to motivate candidates, sell the company brand and career opportunities
Ability to work independently, multi-task in a fast paced, matrixed team-oriented environment.
Must be comfortable working in geographically dispersed team
Ability to adapt to changing business priorities
Dependable, ethical, committed, honest
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
#LI-SS1
Covanta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.


EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf ). Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings or apply for a job on this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by contacting us at careers@covanta.com."
81	16 days ago	Ascension	Talent Advisor	"We Are Hiring:

Full Time, Days M-F
Location: Remote within the Michigan market
Do you have a passion for hiring top talent? In this role, you will ensure that recruiting programs are aligned to business priorities to hire word-class talent and build robust talent pipelines. You will develop strong relationships both internally and externally to drive the talent sourcing strategy and act as a talent advisor to the business with talent selection best practices.
What You Will Do:
Act as a trusted advisor to the assigned client group(s)
Oversee the recruiting process end to end while effectively utilizing the talent acquisition process, systems and tools
Conduct in-depth intake meetings with hiring leaders to ensure alignment on the position, candidate profile, as well as establishing clarity on roles and responsibilities
Identify key behavioral and technical competencies that drive success, develop and share recruitment sourcing strategy, and set expectations around the recruiting process and timeline
Conduct behavioral based interviews using behavioral-based competency talent selection methods
Partner with the Integrated Talent Strategy Partner to help build robust talent pipelines
Participate in targeted outreach efforts within the healthcare industry
Act as an ongoing candidate relationship manager by providing data-driven recruiting related advice to hiring leaders and influence talent decisions
Act as an advisor to leadership regarding external market trends and internal metrics
Special duties and/or projects as assigned
What You Will Need:

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Additional Preferences:

Work Experience:
3+ years of recruitment and sourcing experience strongly preferred.
Healthcare experience preferred.
Why Join Our Team:

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all. In FY2020, Ascension provided $2.4 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs. Ascension includes more than 160,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers across a national network of ministries. We offer rewarding careers across more than 2,600 sites of care – including 146 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 19 states and the District of Columbia.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:

Ascension is an equal opportunity employer (EEO) and affords equal opportunity to all associates and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.
E-Verify Statement:

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify
Right to Work"
82	14 days ago	Ordermark	People Business Partner (HRBP)	"About Ordermark
Ordermark’s mission is to become a trusted partner to restaurants everywhere, offering products and services that help restaurants adapt to changing consumer trends and technology. We pride ourselves in building a team of world-class thinkers and innovators to revolutionize the restaurant industry, empowering our customers to tap into new markets.

Ordermark helps restaurants and virtual kitchens aggregate mobile orders across all the major online ordering service providers into a single dashboard and printer. Powered by Ordermark's leading restaurant technology platform, Nextbite serves the fast-growing food on-demand revolution by empowering existing restaurants everywhere to serve more customers and earn more revenue. Nextbite, creates delivery-only restaurant concepts with high-quality, chef-inspired menus available through delivery apps. This combined offering helps restaurants increase efficiency and grow profits, creating successful food service across the country.
By joining Ordermark you will have a front row seat to the rapidly changing restaurant landscape and the explosive online ordering industry.
About the Role
This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced professional to support our growing team as a trusted advisor and strategic partner. Initially, you will join alongside a second PBP, and with the full support of an existing Talent Acquisition and People Operations team, solidifying relationships with leadership through collaborative problem solving and planning as we continue to build our organization. The PBPs will amplify the People team’s ability to be a proactive partner within the organization, which will benefit every single employee on the team. We are looking for a collaborative, empathetic, and strategic thinker who views challenges as exciting opportunities and understands how to balance business needs with the needs of our amazing team to create win-win outcomes.
Please note: while this is a remote-first role, we are seeking candidates located in Los Angeles as there will be some days needed to meet with our LA People Ops team.
The impact you will have:
Deliver both strategic and tactical HR support and programs to employees and managers. From educating internal “clients” on compensation practices, performance management, career development to advising on various management issues.
Partner with leadership on workforce planning and succession planning for the specific departments you will be supporting.
Aid the Talent Acquisition team by ensuring accurate role requirements, proactively submitting job requisitions, and creating alignment leading up to the recruiting process kicking off.
Provide advice and counsel to managers and employees on all performance-related issues, including identifying key talent and leadership planning.
Understand the training/development needs and act as liaison with Talent Development to provide appropriate training to the organization.
Coach new managers on conducting an effective performance review.
Play a key role in resolving complex employee relations and retention issues.
What you bring to the role:
5+ years of experience resolving complex employee relations issues, with at least 3 years being in a high-growth / rapidly changing environment
Background in workforce planning
Impeccable judgment with intuitive nature to balance company needs while partnering with managers and employees alike.
Absolute professionalism and confidentiality when dealing with sensitive information
Strong organizational background and passion - coaching, team effectiveness.
Ability to coach, mentor, and advise where appropriate.
A foundational understanding of HR analytics and HR systems and tools (example: experience processing payroll not required, but an understanding of how payroll functions so you may field questions or understand issues is essential)
Strong communication skills, including influencing to support innovation
Highly collaborative style - possessing a team mindset
Resourceful, inventive, self-motivated, and able to independently lead
Has experience with change management, culture work, and engagement
Strategic partnership expertise to inform recommendations and guide decision-making is critical.
What we offer:
A team that has transitioned to remote work impressively, and remains highly collaborative and connected
Excellent growth opportunity, and stock options for all full-time employees
Medical, dental and vision (90% covered by Ordermark; 50% for dependents) - eligible immediately
Unlimited PTO and paid company holidays
401k - eligible immediately
$60/month reimbursement for online-ordered meals
Bonusly - a team recognition platform with fun rewards
We pride ourselves in having a team that promotes diversity, inclusion, leadership, mindfulness, high initiative, energy and passion.
___________
Ordermark participated in Techstars, Boulder in Spring 2018, and has raised $150 million. We are headquartered in Los Angeles, and are looking to significantly grow our team while continuing to reach restaurants and consumers across the country.

Our team is made up of people from diverse backgrounds, collaborating daily across time zones. We believe cross-pollination is one of the best ways to foster community and new ideas. For that reason we encourage people from all backgrounds to apply to any of our positions.

Thank you for your interest in Ordermark - we’re reviewing impressive candidates every day, and will do our best to reach out to you as quickly as possible!"
83	4 days ago	Cask NX, LLC	Recruiter	"We Lead. We Transform. We Deliver.
Come work with the best of the best! Our people are designers, engineers, technologists, and industry thought leaders, all brought together with a singular focus on solving business challenges that stand in the way of organizational change and progress. Cask is a best-in-class ServiceNow digital transformation partner and we have won numerous industry awards including:
ServiceNow 2020 Global Elite Partner of the Year and 2020 Americas Elite Partner of the Year
Inc. Magazine Best Workplaces 2021 and Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Companies (five times!)
Consulting Magazine’s Best Small Firms to Work For and Fastest Growing Firms (two times!)
We are all about DIFFERENTIATION ... we are NOT average and we want the world to know it!
What you’ll be doing:
Here at Cask we are building a best in class organization with best in class employees. We are seeking a Recruiter to help us attract and hire the right people to add to our growing team. As a member of the recruiting team, you’ll be responsible for sourcing, screening and hiring best-in-class talent. In this role, you will manage full cycle recruiting efforts, with an emphasis on sourcing passive candidates using innovative recruiting methods and resources. This position will play an integral role in our organization’s growth by understanding the needs of hiring managers and sourcing the best talent to fill open positions while maintaining a high level of care for the candidate experience. The Recruiter will regularly interface with all levels of stakeholders including hiring managers, HR, sales/sarketing and executive leadership.
Primary Accountabilities
Full cycle recruiting process from sourcing, screening, and facilitating team interviews to job offers
Deliver a high-touch candidate experience
Emphasis on outbound sourcing and attracting qualified candidates for high-demand positions
Attention to detail and effective communication skills, both verbal and written, are vital to success in the role
What You’ll Do
Work with hiring managers to create job descriptions and templates
Maintain the ATS database of candidate records, including active and passive prospects and candidate relationships
Screen applicants to evaluate if they meet the position requirements
Arrange candidate interviews with hiring managers, team members and executive leadership team
Follow up on interview process status and update candidate tracking information
Communicate with applicants to ensure consistent contact and communication
Work closely with HR to properly open/close reqs and extend offers to candidates
Utilize knowledge of multiple recruiting sources and execute innovative recruiting strategies to find quality candidates and prospect for new business
Conduct regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementation
Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need
Proactively nurture relationships to maintain a strong talent pipeline
Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting
Manage the internal employee referral bonus program
Meet regularly with the marking team to ensure recruiting is branding Cask in its mission to recruit A-level talent and utilize our social media platforms
What you’ll bring to the table:
5+ years’ experience in recruitment
Experience recruiting for professional services organizations
Exceptional communication, interpersonal, and decision-making skills
Advanced knowledge of MS Office, database management, and internet search
Familiarity with job boards, HR software, databases, and management systems
Proven experience conducting various types of interviews (i.e., phone, video, etc.)
Why Cask?
Cooper [Noun | employee of Cask]. Experienced and reliable artisan who takes pride in providing innovative solutions to common challenges.
Multi-Skilled & High Performing [Adjective | what makes a true Cooper]. Coopers give it their all by exceeding expectations. We must ensure that our deliverables actually solve a customer’s business problem.
Mojo [Noun | our mindset]. Coopers work together to solve complex problems through the joy of innovation, collaboration and personal engagements not common in business today.
Come be a part of the transformation and innovation we deliver. Cask was founded in 2004 by a group of professionals who saw the need to help clients use process and technology in more efficient, cost-effective ways and create business value; today we are a Consulting Magazine ""top 10 firm to work for"" and are a 4-time Inc 5000 Fastest-growing company. We are recognized in the 2020 Gartner Market Guide for ServiceNow ITSM Consulting, Implementation, and Managed Services.
We value diversity at our company. Cask is an equal opportunity employer. Everyone who applies with the qualifications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.
To learn more about Cask NX, please our website at https://www.casknx.com/ and be sure to follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter.
Check out our reviews on Glassdoor!
To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
84	30+ days ago	Association of Universities for Research in Astron...	Senior HR Generalist	"AURA’s mission is to provide innovative, open resources to enable discovery and excellence in research, to unify the astrophysics communities, and to promote public understanding of our universe and the benefits of scientific exploration. AURA carries out its role through its astronomical facilities.

The Human Resources team has an opening for a full-time Senior Human Resources Generalist to support the National Science Foundation funded operations. The Senior Human Resources Generalist supports employees and managers through the delivery of key strategies and activities relating to people management and counsels AURA leadership regarding workforce planning, organizational effectiveness, performances issues, employee development, talent assessment, employee relations and performance management. The Senior HR Generalist implements Human Resource initiatives providing an employee-oriented culture. Performs independently a variety of complex administrative duties requiring a comprehensive knowledge of Human Resources practices, laws, regulations and AURA policies. Is responsible for performing all aspects of the Human Resource function to include and is not limited to; recruiting and onboarding, compliance, employee relations, terminations, job description development, performance reviews and training,

Essential Functions:

Maintains knowledge of legal requirements and regulatory reporting regulations affecting human resources functions and ensures policies, procedures, and reporting are in compliance.
Analyzes and adheres to human resource policies and procedures using independent judgement and discretion to resolve issues and problems.
Ensures strict confidentiality of sensitive information.
Works in conjunction with Recruiting Manager to develop and implement recruitment strategies and processes to achieve staffing objectives.
Collaborates with hiring managers to understand skills and competencies for job openings. Provide support to the recruitment process as required.
Coaches and trains management on interviewing/selection, employee counseling/disciplinary action, performance management, engagement, employee development and a variety of human resources issues.
Ensures human resources information systems are up to date and accurate.
Coordinates the full employment life cycle for all HR-related activity including developing job descriptions, on-boarding, new hire orientation, performance management, retention strategies, and termination. Fosters a positive attitude toward company mission, vision, values and goals.
Maintains records of benefits plans participation such as insurances and retirement plan, personnel transactions such as hires, promotions, transfers, performance reviews, and terminations, and employee statistics for government reporting.
Assists the Compensation and Benefits Manager in the administration of salary and performance review programs to ensure effectiveness, compliance, and equity within organization.
In conjunction with Compensation and Benefits Manager, provides administration of benefits programs such as life, health, dental and disability insurances, pension plans, vacation, sick leave, tuition assistance and employee assistance programs as needed. Ensures enrollments and terminations are processed timely.
Manages functions and administration of employee leaves of absence process and coordinates pay and benefits continuation with disability vendors and payroll staff. Maintains communication with employees and managers throughout the leave process.
Contributes to the development and implementation of HR policies and procedures. Provides policy interpretation and general information pertaining to all areas of HR including benefits, payroll, and compensation.
Assist the HR Manager as needed with immigration programs and individual circumstances. Works to identify opportunities and support initiatives to promote diversity, equity and inclusion. Provides input and guidance to organizational design, structure and communication of changes.
Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, increase productivity and retention. Develops and supports employee engagement and recognition events. Provides HR guidance and advice to employees, line managers, and senior management, as required.
Identifies potential retention risks and develop specific plans to mitigate or address the concerns.
Manage and resolve employee relations issues. Conducts effective counseling and thorough and objective investigations. Maintains documentation and performs exit interviews.

Other Functions:

Performs other duties as assigned

Required Education/Experience/Skills/Abilities:

Bachelor’s degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university.
Minimum five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Note: Substitution of additional relevant education or experience for stated qualifications will be considered
Able to handle general administrative issues requiring interpretation and application of policies and procedures.
Able to oversee projects of general complexity.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.
Knowledge of MS Word or comparable word processing software; Excel or comparable spreadsheet software; Internet software and Human Resource Information systems.

Preferred Education/Experience/Skills/Abilities:

HR Certification designation
Ultipro HRIS

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear.
The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms and stoop; kneel; crouch; or crawl.
The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
Must possess - sufficient mobility, strength, or dexterity in both arms and hands and both legs to a) reach upward, sideways, downward to work with paper files; b) sufficient mobility and dexterity to utilize computer systems, fax machines, copiers, and other office machines.
Must possess – 1) ability to read and understand instructions, drawings, safety guides, and other written materials necessary to perform job; 2) sufficient visual capacity to perform the applicable functions without assistance of visual aids other than eye contacts or eye glasses; 3) sufficient spoken aural capacity to hear and understand instructions, warning bells, fire alarms, or shouted instructions without assistance of auditory aids other than a hearing aid; and 4) ability to impart information orally so that others understand and can respond appropriately.

AURA offers an excellent benefits package including paid time off and retirement plan contributions, competitive salary commensurate with experience, and a very attractive work environment.

We are committed to diversity and inclusion at AURA, as a leader in the astronomical community, AURA develops and supports programs that advance our organizational commitment to diversity, broaden participation, and encourage the advancement of diversity throughout the astronomical scientific workforce. Learn more at http://www.aura-astronomy.org/diversity.asp

Preference will be given to qualified internal candidates and qualified Native Americans living on or near the Tohono O'odham reservation.

Please list 3 professional references in your application (references will only be contacted later in the recruitment process) and attach: a cover letter and a CV or resume, PDF files preferred. Please name any attachments with the following format: Lastname Docname. Application documents that are not uploaded as part of the application may be sent to employment@aura-astronomy.org.

Veterans, disabled individuals or wounded warriors needing assistance with the employment process should request assistance at employment@aura-astronomy.org

The position will remain open until filled. To be considered in the first round of reviews, please submit your application by March 8, 2021.

****AURA has the majority of staff working remotely during COVID-19 crisis. The safety of our staff and community is our top priority. We will continue to interview and screen candidates in this new virtual landscape. Offers of employment can be extended and new hires can on-board virtually and arrangements may be made for remote work. Relocation benefits will be available to those eligible when travel can be supported****

The Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), is a consortium of over 40 US institutions and three international affiliates that operates world-class astronomical observatories. AURA’s role is to establish, nurture, and promote public observatories and facilities that advance innovative astronomical research. AURA is responsible for managing the operations of the NSF’s NOIRLab, the National Solar Observatory, and the construction of the Vera C. Rubin Observatory and the Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope under cooperative agreements with the National Science Foundation and operations of the Space Telescope Science Institute under contracts with NASA.

As a recipient of U.S. Government funding, AURA is considered a government contractor and is subject to Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action regulations. As an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, AURA does not discriminate based on race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender identity expression, lawful political affiliations, veteran status, disability, and/or any other legally protected status under applicable federal, state, and local equal opportunity laws. The statements below as well as the requests for self-identification are required pursuant to these regulations. We encourage your participation in meeting these federal reporting requirements which are included for protection and to assist us in our recordkeeping and reporting. Your responses are kept strictly confidential.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
85	30+ days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Human Capital Technology Analyst - Minnetonka, MN or Telecommute	"UnitedHealth Group is a company on the rise. We’re expanding in multiple directions, across borders and most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn’t about another gadget, it’s about transforming the healthcare industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life’s best work.(sm)
As a Human Capital Technology Analyst, you will be responsible for providing creative solutions for complex problems through research and analysis of data, processes and HR system capabilities. Core responsibilities include Human Capital systems configuration and maintaining or enhancing process functionality. Deliverables will include capturing Requirements, creating a Functional Design, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Implementing Change Requests following a predefined process. As an individual contributor you will support Global Self Service (GSS) Payroll related functionality while maintaining data integrity across all Business areas that utilize an integrated platform for Human Capital Management.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
PeopleSoft HCM 9.1 or equivalent Human Capital Management system experience
A proven track record in problem solving system related functionality gaps
Analytical experience in researching the root cause and effect of system functionality
Experience with comprehension of relational database functionality
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Technology, or a related field
3+ years of experience in Human Capital applications
Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experienced in Payroll processing Domestic or International Employee populations
Experience with SQL or other reporting capabilities
Experience with Microsoft applications with an emphasis in Access and Excel
Experienced in working in a change management environment
Careers at UnitedHealth Group. We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these select few, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 7 company. We provide an environment where you're empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks. And we offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. We believe the most important is the opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $53,3000 to $95,100. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: telecommute, remote, work from home, Minnetonka, Minnesota, MN, 927683"
86	30+ days ago	University of Texas at Austin	Compensation Specialist	"Job Posting Title:
Compensation Specialist
-
Hiring Department:
Office of the Associate Vice President for Human Resources
-
Position Open To:
All Applicants
-
Weekly Scheduled Hours:
40
-
FLSA Status:
Exempt
-
Earliest Start Date:
Immediately
-
Position Duration:
Expected to Continue
-
Location:
UT MAIN CAMPUS
-
Job Description:
Provide compensation support and analysis to HR Consultants and Principal Consultants in the Strategic Workforce Solutions unit in Human Resources.
-
Job Details:
Responsibilities
Researches, analyzes data, and prepares recommendations requiring a broad understanding of compensation techniques, methods and practices. Participates in studies requiring job analysis, job evaluation or similar techniques.
Collects and analyzes competitive salary and benefit information to determine institution's market relationship. Provides recommendation of new and existing salary ranges. Works with other university department to make changes in the Workday system.
Gathers information and responds to external market surveys (EduComp, CUPA-HR, Mercer, Towers Watson, Etc). Work with vendors on data submission follow-up. Imports survey results into database.
Prepares mandatory reports for UT System and other regulatory agencies.
Responds to inquiries and develops rapport with external entities, especially other institutions of higher education.
Other related functions as assigned

Required Qualifications
Broad, practical knowledge of compensation techniques and methods as would normally be obtained through receipt of a Bachelor degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or a related field and 2 to 4 years of compensation administration experience. May require certification.
Relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in Higher Education
Experience in Workday
Salary Range
$50,000 + depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
May work around standard office conditions.
This position is open to be fully remote for workers in the state of Texas.
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.
Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.
-
Employment Eligibility:
Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.
-
Retirement Plan Eligibility:
The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.
-
Background Checks:
A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
-
Equal Opportunity Employer:
The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer , complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.
-
Pay Transparency:
The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
-
Employment Eligibility Verification:
If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.
-
E-Verify:
The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197."
87	29 days ago	Optiv	Benefits Coordinator | Remote, USA	"At Optiv, we’re on a mission to help our clients make their businesses more secure. We’re one of the fastest growing companies in a truly essential industry.
In your role at Optiv, you’ll be inspired by a team of the brightest business and technical minds in cybersecurity. We are passionate champions for our clients, and know from experience that the best solutions for our clients’ needs come from working hard together. As part of our team, your voice matters, and you will do important work that has impact, on people, businesses and nations. Our industry and our company move fast, and you can be sure that you will always have room to learn and grow. We’re proud of our team and the important work we do to build confidence for a more connected world.
Who we are looking for:
This position will coordinate daily benefits processing for our US-based and international locations. The Benefits Coordinator is responsible for providing exceptional customer service when responding to and resolving benefits-related questions from current and former employees.
How you’ll make an impact:
Serve as first contact for employee questions or issues regarding benefits; by phone and the benefits email box
Provides administrative support with employee health and welfare programs, such as 401(k), medical/dental/vision, life, accident, disability, commuter, Health Savings Account, and Flexible Spending accounts
Assist with employee election updates due to Qualified Life Events
Assist employees as needed with online benefits enrollment
Ensures that each vendor receives all participant data that is required to support plan administration, and timely funding of plan contributions, claims, and insurance premiums
Generates ad hoc benefits-related reports to analyze data for accuracy and conduct system corrections as-needed. This includes researching and determining reasons for errors and resolving errors which may include working directly with client or third-party vendor to obtain correct data/information
Looks for opportunities and collaborates with various company departments as well as each vendor to improve benefits administration processes and enhance benefit service levels
Contributes to the creation of benefit related processes and guidelines and documents accordingly
Assist in developing communication tools to enhance understanding of the company's benefits package
Supports annual compliance reporting for health & welfare benefits and 401(k)
Weekly, monthly, and quarterly invoicing
Update and audit benefit deductions for employee paychecks
Assist with preparation of annual open enrollment: Arrange for distribution of material from carriers, assists with communicating changes to employees
Serve as secondary point of contact with vendors and brokers who have been hired to conduct plan administration
Maintain a commitment to our service level agreements (SLAs) around responsiveness and customer satisfaction
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications for success:
2-4 years in benefits or related benefits
Familiarity with COBRA, ERISA, FMLA and related state and federal regulations required
Effective communication skills, oral & written with ability to communicate with people in potentially stressful situations
Excellent organizational and communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to work on a team
Ability to work in a high volume fast paced environment
Strong aptitude towards efficiency, quality, and consistency as well as a focus on customer service
Knowledge with HRIS systems, preferably Workday
Commitment to confidentiality and discretion
Hourly Pay Range: $19.71 - $24.52 per hour
#LI-MS1
If you are seeking a culture that supports growth, fosters success and moves the industry forward, find your place at Optiv! As a market-leading provider of cybersecurity solutions, Optiv has the most comprehensive ecosystem of security products and partners to deliver unparalleled services. Our rich and successful history with our clients is based on trust, serving more than 12,000 clients of varying sizes and industries, including commercial, government and education. We have the proven expertise to plan, build, and run successful security programs across Risk Management, Cyber Digital Transformation, Threat Management, Security Operations – Managed Services and Identity and Data Management. Optiv remains committed to championing Diversity, Equality and Inclusion within our organization and throughout the industry.

With Optiv you can expect:
Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge as well as 8 paid holidays annuallyVolunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities.
The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable)Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projectsPremium contributions by Optiv to Medical, Dental, and Vision coverageContributions by Optiv to Health Saving Accounts (HSA)
Optiv-paid Basic Life, AD&D, Short- and Long-Term DisabilityProfessional training resources, including tuition reimbursement, certification support and student loan refinancingOptiv matching contribution to 401(k) with immediate vestingHealth Advocate/ Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – One-on-one help navigating healthcare and insurance systems; confidential Licensed Counseling sessions
Optiv is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, status as an individual with a disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law."
88	30+ days ago	The Meet Group	Talent Partner Specialist	"***Remote Qualifies in these states: AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, MA, MI, MN, NJ, NY, PHL, PA, NYC, TN, TX, WI, VE***
HQ Locations are: New Hope, PA AND Philadelphia, PA
The Meet Group is looking to hire a Client Relations Specialist to join our ""Community & Content” team. This role will be based in our New Hope office and reports to the Talent Development Lead. The Client Relations Specialist (CRS) will be expected to build and maintain long-term, meaningful business relationships with independent contractors & agency partners alike. Through these business relationships, the CRS will aim to bring new, diverse, and entertaining content creators to TMG’s suite of live streaming social media platforms. The CRS will be tasked with creating processes and structure to manage a growing supplier pipeline, utilize data for vendor performance management and vendor cost analysis, and work to automate reporting, service ticketing, and documentation processes.
A successful Client Relations Specialist is highly detail oriented and diligent in their work, self-sufficient and intrinsically motivated, has a desire to build meaningful relationships, can manage a multitude of partnerships at once, and has effective communication and negotiation skills.
As a Talent Partner Specialist on the Community and Content team, you will:
Streamline current processes, as they relate to the supplier pipeline, in preparation for individual account growth and overall supplier expansion
Automate any manual processes used for onboarding, documenting, organizing, analyzing & reporting more efficiently as it pertains to the suppliers and their represented talent
Foster & manage existing relationships with key contractor and agency partners
In conjunction with TMG’s vision, seek out and engage additional 3rd party relationships that would benefit the TMG portfolio of content and its creators
Track and report performance of Client Partners in the program Propose new partners and potential revenue streams
At The Meet Group, you will:
Screen profiles of streamers who are brought to our platforms by 3rd party partners
Check against our Live Guidelines to ensure compliance with our content and moderation standards
Review any existing streamer data or CRM notes to determine eligibility
Pass or deny profiles for payment eligibility according to suppliers’ contract terms
Utilize CRM to document streamer profile information, associated 3rd party representative(s), promotion period dates, task reminders, or pertinent notes of said user history
Apply trending promotion codes on eligible accounts and removal of codes on under-performers
Analyze data of all streamers from 3rd party sources to determine overall vendor performance, as well as cost analysis
Provide streamer progress reports of any active talent to the associated 3rd party supplier
Ensure partners are equipped with necessary stream strategy or app specific knowledge and materials in order to create a smooth onboarding experience
Research the social media landscape, the influencer market, and content creation trends to help identify viable new partnerships
Seek out connections and build relationships with potential new partners - agency or independent
Facilitate contract negotiations
Work as an official liaison between 3rd party partners, Talent, Finance, Moderation & Member Services, Marketing, Business Intelligence, and Legal
We're looking for:
Associate Degree required, Bachelor’s Degree preferred OR the equivalent in industry experience
2-5 years working in Sales, Account Management, Vendor Relations, Business Partner Relations, Talent Management, or similar, within one of the preferred industries listed above
Strong data manipulation and reporting skills are a must.
Advanced understanding of MS Excel and similar products.
Ability to chart and analyze data trends
Hands on experience utilizing a CRM (Customer Relationship Management), VMS (Vendor Management System), or other similar Information Management Systems
Familiarity with HubSpot Pro is a plus
Strong track record of building and maintaining mutually beneficial relationships
Experience negotiating contracts with entities of all sizes
Effective communication skills across all mediums - i.e. text, email, video, phone, or face-to-face
The Meet Group is a leading provider of interactive livestreaming solutions designed to meet the universal need for human connection. Our ecosystem of social dating and live-streaming apps enables users around the world to interact through one-to-many livestreaming broadcasts and text-based conversations. Our top apps, MeetMe®, LOVOO®, Skout®, Tagged® and Growlr®, deliver live interactions and meaningful connections to millions of users daily. Headquartered in New Hope, PA, we have offices in Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dresden, and Berlin. For more information, visit themeetgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.
The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer and a participating employer of Everify. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status."
89	16 days ago	Serco North America	Benefits Administrator	"Position Description:

If you love a high energy and fast pace environment - Serco has a great opportunity for you! The Benefits Administrator will be on a dynamic team, supporting customers with processing their retirement pensions at our Euclid, OH location. Bring your expertise and collaborative skills to make an impact towards servicing our retirees.
Serco and PBGC protects the retirement security of over 35 million Americans in single employer and multiemployer pension plans. Our goal is to provide the highest level of customer support and to work to protect workers and retirees hard earned pension benefits.
You will be part of a 40 + member team that works closely with the customer and other Serco teams to deliver a wide variety of tasks related to processing of benefits administration work.
In the Benefits Administrator role, you will:
Performs routine entry level benefits administration and case processing activities which may include, but is not limited to: processing benefit applications, QDROs, POAs, and other documents; entering data into PBGC systems of record; conducting research for participant issues; supporting payment recovery and benefit payment processing activities; issuance of benefit determination letters; authorizing benefit payments; conducting quality reviews to ensure work meets quality standards; and handling complex or sensitive case processing or customer matters.
Has knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices and procedures as it relates to benefits administration.
Ensures work is processed in a timely fashion according to the requirements of the specific business function assignment.
Communicates effectively both orally and in writing with the PBGC points of contact to provide and obtain relevant information.
Works under immediate supervision and reports to a supervisor. Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job, which may involve using independent judgment.
Strong analytical skills.
Strong communication (written and verbal) skills required to communicate effectively with participants and potential payees
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Strong customer service skills.
Self-motivated, dynamic work ethic to ensure maximum customer satisfaction is delivered.
Commitment to excellence in all work situations.
Working knowledge and experience of computer applications, including MS Office, and/or business office systems.
Due to the current pandemic situation, candidates may be assigned to work remotely on a temporary basis. However, on site work will be required at the Euclid, Ohio location once safety restrictions are lifted.

Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you will have:
Associates Degree in related field with 2 years of related experience OR three years of related experience.
2 years of relevant work experience which can include but not be limited to: employee benefit field, claims processing, billing, payroll, banking, human resources, customer service representative, quality review analysts, etc.
Must be able to obtain and/or maintain a Public Trust Clearance.
Due to the current pandemic situation, candidates may be assigned to work remotely on a temporary basis. However, on site work will be required at the Euclid, Ohio location once safety restrictions are lifted.
If you are interested in supporting and working with our PBGC Team and a passionate Serco team- then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career!
Company Overview: Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has approximately 8,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets)."
90	30+ days ago	The Meet Group	Talent Partner Specialist	"***Remote Qualifies in these states: AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, MA, MI, MN, NJ, NY, PHL, PA, NYC, TN, TX, WI, VE***
HQ Locations are: New Hope, PA AND Philadelphia, PA
The Meet Group is looking to hire a Client Relations Specialist to join our ""Community & Content” team. This role will be based in our New Hope office and reports to the Talent Development Lead. The Client Relations Specialist (CRS) will be expected to build and maintain long-term, meaningful business relationships with independent contractors & agency partners alike. Through these business relationships, the CRS will aim to bring new, diverse, and entertaining content creators to TMG’s suite of live streaming social media platforms. The CRS will be tasked with creating processes and structure to manage a growing supplier pipeline, utilize data for vendor performance management and vendor cost analysis, and work to automate reporting, service ticketing, and documentation processes.
A successful Client Relations Specialist is highly detail oriented and diligent in their work, self-sufficient and intrinsically motivated, has a desire to build meaningful relationships, can manage a multitude of partnerships at once, and has effective communication and negotiation skills.
As a Talent Partner Specialist on the Community and Content team, you will:
Streamline current processes, as they relate to the supplier pipeline, in preparation for individual account growth and overall supplier expansion
Automate any manual processes used for onboarding, documenting, organizing, analyzing & reporting more efficiently as it pertains to the suppliers and their represented talent
Foster & manage existing relationships with key contractor and agency partners
In conjunction with TMG’s vision, seek out and engage additional 3rd party relationships that would benefit the TMG portfolio of content and its creators
Track and report performance of Client Partners in the program Propose new partners and potential revenue streams
At The Meet Group, you will:
Screen profiles of streamers who are brought to our platforms by 3rd party partners
Check against our Live Guidelines to ensure compliance with our content and moderation standards
Review any existing streamer data or CRM notes to determine eligibility
Pass or deny profiles for payment eligibility according to suppliers’ contract terms
Utilize CRM to document streamer profile information, associated 3rd party representative(s), promotion period dates, task reminders, or pertinent notes of said user history
Apply trending promotion codes on eligible accounts and removal of codes on under-performers
Analyze data of all streamers from 3rd party sources to determine overall vendor performance, as well as cost analysis
Provide streamer progress reports of any active talent to the associated 3rd party supplier
Ensure partners are equipped with necessary stream strategy or app specific knowledge and materials in order to create a smooth onboarding experience
Research the social media landscape, the influencer market, and content creation trends to help identify viable new partnerships
Seek out connections and build relationships with potential new partners - agency or independent
Facilitate contract negotiations
Work as an official liaison between 3rd party partners, Talent, Finance, Moderation & Member Services, Marketing, Business Intelligence, and Legal
We're looking for:
Associate Degree required, Bachelor’s Degree preferred OR the equivalent in industry experience
2-5 years working in Sales, Account Management, Vendor Relations, Business Partner Relations, Talent Management, or similar, within one of the preferred industries listed above
Strong data manipulation and reporting skills are a must.
Advanced understanding of MS Excel and similar products.
Ability to chart and analyze data trends
Hands on experience utilizing a CRM (Customer Relationship Management), VMS (Vendor Management System), or other similar Information Management Systems
Familiarity with HubSpot Pro is a plus
Strong track record of building and maintaining mutually beneficial relationships
Experience negotiating contracts with entities of all sizes
Effective communication skills across all mediums - i.e. text, email, video, phone, or face-to-face
The Meet Group is a leading provider of interactive livestreaming solutions designed to meet the universal need for human connection. Our ecosystem of social dating and live-streaming apps enables users around the world to interact through one-to-many livestreaming broadcasts and text-based conversations. Our top apps, MeetMe®, LOVOO®, Skout®, Tagged® and Growlr®, deliver live interactions and meaningful connections to millions of users daily. Headquartered in New Hope, PA, we have offices in Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dresden, and Berlin. For more information, visit themeetgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.
The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer and a participating employer of Everify. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status."
91	5 days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Sr. HRIS Analyst - Human Capital Technologies - Minnetonka, MN or Telecommute	"UnitedHealth Group is a company on the rise. We’re expanding in multiple directions, across borders and most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn’t about another gadget, it’s about transforming the healthcare industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life’s best work.(sm)
As a Human Capital Technology Senior Analyst, you will be responsible for providing creative solutions for complex problems through research and analysis of data, processes and HR system capabilities. Core responsibilities will include documenting Requirements, creating a Functional Design, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Implementing Change Requests following a predefined process. As an individual contributor you will support Global Self Service (GSS) Payroll related functionality while maintaining data integrity across all Business areas that utilize an integrated platform for Human Capital Management.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required qualifications:
Human Capital Management system experience
Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
A proven track record in problem solving system related functionality gaps
Analytical experience in researching the root cause and effect of system functionality
Experience with comprehension of relational database functionality
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Technology, or related field
5+ years’ experience in Human Capital applications
Experienced in Payroll processing Domestic or International Employee populations
Experience with SQL or other reporting capabilities
Experience with Microsoft applications with an emphasis in Access and Excel
Experienced in working in a change management environment
Careers at UnitedHealth Group. We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these select few, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 7 company. We provide an environment where you're empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks. And we offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. We believe the most important is the opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $64,800 to $116,000. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: telecommute, telecommuter, remote, work from home, Minnetonka, Minnesota, MN, 930027."
92	9 days ago	Delta Dental Ins.	Senior Labor Relations Consultant (West Coast Coverage)	"At Delta Dental, our strategy is only as strong as the people who execute it! We are hiring individuals that are not just right for today but also for our future. We have built a foundation of high-trust by treating all people with dignity, making and keeping commitments, and consistently striving to do the right thing. Our leaders optimistically share future possibilities to inspire and motivate others toward their full potential. We expect our employees to find ways to embrace positive change, be curious and challenge the status quo, and provide solutions to unmet problems. Joining Delta Dental means joining a culture focused on fostering development, building genuine connections, recognizing each other’s strengths and sharing in successes.
The Senior Labor Relations Consultant provides guidance, support, and recommendations to Delta Dental leadership for the resolution of critical and complex labor and employee relations activities. The Consultant self-manages multiple cases simultaneously on a variety of employee related areas including but not limited to Collective Bargaining Agreement (""CBA"") and Employment Law interpretation and counsel, harassment, conduct and policy interpretation and violation investigations, complex performance management, conflict resolution, and termination management.

The Consultant also partners with union leadership to find resolution to concerns, and counsels with business leadership on employment law and CBA Interpretation. The Consultant must build strong partnerships and work closely with all levels of management, union leadership, the People Organization, internal and external employment counsel, internal stakeholders, and Centers of Excellence (""COE"") with the goal to drive high employee engagement, efficient labor utilization, and a high performing culture.
How you will make an impact:
Partners with leaders in the enterprise to promote a positive labor and employee relations climate, manage and resolve workplace issues, share information and drive business and/or People Org. initiatives
Provides proactive and real-time consultation on basic and complex labor and employee relations matters across the employee lifecycle including but not limited to contract interpretation and grievance administration
Conducts timely and thorough workplace investigations and prepares written summary reports of investigative findings with recommended resolution
Serves as a primary contact for labor issues as it relates to CBA interpretation, labor policy, labor disputes, grievance administration, and record keeping for long-term agreements and awards
Ensures advocacy for the organization, management, and employees consistent with policy, practice, procedure, best practices, and employment law while proactively managing liability and risk on behalf of the organization
Serves as a subject matter expert for management and employees in labor/employee relations, employment practices, human resource policies/procedures, employment law, and government regulations
Conducts trend and root cause analysis and provide recommendations for reducing the number of labor/employee relations issues, while providing proactive employee relations training and interventions where necessary
Partners with internal or external counsel to prepare for and when necessary attend mediations, arbitration, and other court proceedings, including unemployment claim responses
Performs other duties as requested or assigned
What we look for:
Ability to work Pacific Time Zone hours
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or related field; or equivalent work experience
5+ years as an employee and labor relations consultant
3+ years working directly with union leadership
5+ years performing complex investigations with proven results
Seasoned knowledge of labor relation best practices, NLRB rules, effective CBA interpretation
Expert knowledge of employment, wage and hour, FMLA and EEO laws
Expert knowledge of People systems, programs, processes, practices, and policies
Ability to maintain confidentiality and mitigate risk
Demonstrated ability influence and build relationships at all levels
Expert communication skills both written and verbal; particularly successful in listening and understanding various points of view
Strong consulting skills and the ability to facilitate conflict resolution
Strong interpersonal skills, mediation skills, consultation, and the ability to handle difficult situations with tact and diplomacy
Ability to prioritize, handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment in order to meet deadlines
Ability to work across multiple teams, and with people on a variety of organizational levels in often ambiguous circumstances
Intermediate proficiency in Microsoft Office products
Benefits and perks:
12 days starting vacation plus 12 holidays and your birthday off!
100% paid for medical option, dental and vision
Employee well-being program
Flexible work arrangements
Retirement benefits along with 401k
Culture of learning: Substantial tuition reimbursement to improve your skills
Career growth: We love promoting from within
Strong commitment to work/life balance
Social responsibility and volunteer opportunities
Please note, Delta Dental will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.
#LI-CG1
#LI-Remote
At Delta Dental we:
Promote accountability, integrity and collaboration: Our employees are collaborative, self-aware, and ethical. It is our expectation to do the right thing and follow through on commitments.
Foster professional development: Our employees take ownership of developing themselves and others through coaching, mentoring and providing/being open to constructive feedback and identifying learning opportunities.
Value customers and cultivate positive experiences: Our employees take time to build rapport with customers, while anticipating and exceeding their needs to ensure positive outcomes.
If you think this sounds like you, let’s chat. We would love to tell you more!
To see some of the smiling faces behind Delta Dental and to learn more about what our values and culture look like in action, connect with us on social media: @lifeatddins on Facebook and Instagram, @deltadentalins on Twitter, and Delta Dental Ins. on LinkedIn.
ABOUT Delta Dental
Delta Dental covers more Americans than any other dental benefits provider. Our vision is to motivate and empower every employee so we’re all inspired to take exceptional care of our customers, providers and each other. Our Enterprise Strategy focuses on pillars of Growth and Diversification, supported by the platforms of Culture and People, Process and Technology. Our employees take pride working for a purpose-driven organization and live our values of Trust, Service, Excellence and Innovation.
We are part of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of companies that provides dental coverage to 74 million people in the U.S. Delta Dental of California, Delta Dental of New York, Inc., Delta Dental of Pennsylvania and Delta Dental Insurance Company, together with our affiliate companies, form one of the nation’s largest dental benefits delivery systems, covering 33 million enrollees. All of our companies are members, or affiliates of members, of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of 39 Delta Dental companies throughout the country.

Delta Dental provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or any other classification protected by federal or state law. In addition to federal law requirements, Delta Dental complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Proof of eligibility to work in the United States must be provided if selected for hire."
93	7 days ago	State of Colorado Job Opportunities	HR Specialist	"Department Information
The Colorado Constitution, Article XII, Section 13 requires that applicants for state classified government jobs be residents of Colorado
Consider joining the dedicated people of the Colorado Department of Natural Resources. It’s our mission to manage and conserve Colorado’s natural resources for the benefit of people today – and tomorrow. That means we have to balance development with conservation so the state we all love provides similar opportunities for our children and their children.

We invite you to explore our website at https://dnr.colorado.gov/about-us to find out more about the work we do to manage Colorado’s natural resources for today – and tomorrow.

The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply.

 In addition to offering rewarding, meaningful work, we offer:
Medical and Dental plans
Strong, flexible retirement plans including PERA Defined Benefit Plan or PERA Defined Contribution Plan, plus pre-tax 401K and 457 plans
Paid life insurance
Short- and long-term disability coverage
Employee Wellness programs
Flexible Spending Accounts
Health Savings Accounts
10 paid holidays per year plus generous vacation and sick leave
Flexible work schedule options and remote-work options
Career advancement opportunities throughout the State system
Some positions may qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. For more information, go to: https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/pslfFlow.action#!/pslf/launch

The vision of the Human Resources Office (HRO) is to support the mission and employees of the Colorado Department of Natural Resources through collaboration, consultation, strategic partnerships and excellent HR support. The Human Resources Office provides professional and technical human resources services for the Department and its six divisions. The Department includes approximately 1,500 FTE and 1,000+ temporary employees. The HRO functions include employee selection, job evaluation/compensation, benefits administration, Americans with Disabilities Act As Amended (ADAAA), employee wellness and safety, leave management, training, workforce development, performance management, employee relations, labor relations, risk management, personal services agreements, records management, and consultative services. The HRO ensures that human resources activities are administered in compliance with constitutional and statutory provisions as well as rules and procedures promulgated by the State Personnel Board.

Description of Job
The Department of Natural Resources (DNR) welcomes your interest in the HR Specialist position. This position is responsible for delivering quality human resources services in the Department of Natural Resources and its divisions and performs professional and technical human resources work required to select employees, allocate positions, implement personnel rules and share information and advice on human resources issues, and to participate in the development/modification of departmental human resources plans and programs. This position works in partnership with DNR Executive Director's Office and Division managers to understand business needs and to tailor advice and assistance to meet those needs.

Responsibilities in this position include:
Apply, utilize and integrate HR theories, principles, conceptual models and professional standards to conduct recruitment and selection activities with independence and autonomy
Perform professional and technical human resources work required to select employees, implement personnel rules and share information and advice on human resources issues, and participates in the development/modification of departmental human resources plans and programs
Perform job analyses
Analyze and implement recruitment strategies
Create hiring plans with hiring managers
Write job announcements
Advise appointing authorities on laws and personnel rules applicable to contemplated actions
Partners with DNR EDO and Division managers to understand business needs of the Department and to provide tailored support to meet those needs
Manage and administer various special projects
This position will be working remotely on a temporary basis but must be available to report to the office as needed.
Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights
Education and Experience:
A bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Workforce Development, Human Resources Management, Business Administration, Public Administration, Humanities, Psychology, Human Services, Organizational Management or a field closely related to the job assignment.
AND
Two years of professional experience in human resources.
Substitutions
Additional experience in human resources may substitute on a year-for-year basis for the required bachelor’s degree.
A graduate degree in Workforce Development, Human Resources Management, Business Administration, Public Administration, Humanities, Psychology, Human Services, Organizational Management or a field closely related to the job assignment will substitute for the bachelor’s degree and two years of the required professional experience in human resources.
Required Competencies
Troubleshooting, problem solving, and critical thinking skills
Strong customer service skills
Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing
Ability to work under tight deadlines and adapt to changing assignments.
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with others.
Ability to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information in a professional manner.
Strong analytical, and inductive and deductive reasoning abilities
Strong organizational and evaluation skills, with keen attention to detail
Strong interpersonal skills including coaching and negotiation
Strong project management skills
Self-motivation
Ability to demonstrate sensitivity and appreciation for diverse viewpoints as well as different communication and work styles in a multi-cultural and inter-generational environment
Ability to identify and creatively resolve issues while exercising appropriate judgment
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all partners
Ability to drive and support group, customer, and program initiatives
Ability to analyze data and provide recommendations
Ability to analyze and present information to colleagues in a way that enables good business decisions
Ability to work well independently as well as in/with a team
Preferred Qualifications
The highly preferred candidate will have:
Experience with recruitment and selection for the State of Colorado
State certification in selection
Excellent facilitation, presentation, and communication skills, both written and oral
Customer service focus
Proven ability to manage multiple assignments, priorities, and projects.
Fluency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access), Gmail, and Google Calendar and ATS
Conditions of Employment
Former employees of the State of Colorado MUST have concluded employment in good standing to be eligible for rehire
Overnight travel may be required within the State of Colorado on a limited basis (less than six times per year)
APPEAL RIGHTS:
If you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for this position, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board or request a review by the State Personnel Director.

An appeal or review must be submitted on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative. This form must be delivered to the State Personnel Board by email (dpa_state.personnelboard@state.co.us), postmarked in US Mail or hand delivered (1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver CO 80203), or faxed (303.866.5038) within ten (10) calendar days from your receipt of notice or acknowledgement of the department’s action.

For more information about the appeals process, the official appeal form, and how to deliver it to the State Personnel Board; go to spb.colorado.gov; contact the State Personnel Board for assistance at (303) 866-3300; or refer to 4 Colorado Code of Regulations (CCR) 801-1, State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, Chapter 8, Resolution of Appeals and Disputes, at spb.colorado.gov under Rules.
Supplemental Information
Applicant Checklist

Complete Applications must include the following documents:
A complete online Application for Announced Vacancy
A cover letter that describes how your experience aligns with the minimum and preferred qualifications of this position.
A current resume uploaded as an attachment to your online application
If you are using education to qualify, a copy of your official or unofficial transcript showing that your degree has been conferred and the name of your school, or your NACES accreditation. Please submit this as an attachment to your online application.
If you are a veteran, a copy of your DD214. Please submit this as an attachment to your online application.

The Assessment Process
The Colorado Constitution requires all appointments and promotions in the state personnel system to be made according to merit and fitness. Your on-line application will be reviewed by a Human Resource Specialist and/or Subject Matter Expert to determine if you meet the minimum requirements for the position.

Upon meeting the minimum qualifications, the next phase of the assessment process will consist of a Structured Application/Resume Review. Utilizing your detailed on-line application, cover letter, resume and transcripts, the review is a comparative analysis against the listed required competencies, job duties and/or preferred qualifications in this announcement to determine technical competence, depth and breadth of experience and job fit in comparison to all other applicants for this position. It is imperative that you provide adequate detail on your application and cover letter to describe how you meet and/or exceed the requirements for this position. “See Resume” or “See Attached” will not substitute for the completed and detailed on-line application.

Comparative analysis factors to be assessed:

Technical Competence – Technical experience as it relates to the duties outlined in this job announcement.
Depth and Breadth of Experience – Experience that covers multiple areas outlined in this job announcement; varied and not one dimensional; and demonstrate progressively higher level of responsibility with a wide range.
Job Fit – Experience evaluated to determine how well your experience aligns with and meets the business needs of this position. Current/recent experience is preferred.

Upload additional pages if necessary to detail your experience and accomplishments. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions by the deadline for application may result in your application not being accepted for this position and may affect your inclusion in future steps in the assessment process.

Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
The State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law.

ADAAA Accommodations
Any person with a disability as defined by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA) may be provided a reasonable accommodation upon request to enable the person to complete an employment assessment. To request an accommodation, please contact Anna Kargobai-Murray at anna.kargobai-murray@state.co.us at least five business days before the date that any accommodation will be required to allow us to evaluate your request and prepare for the accommodation. You may be asked to provide additional information, including medical documentation, regarding functional limitations and type of accommodation needed. Please ensure that you have this information available well in advance of the assessment date.

E-verify
The Department of Natural Resources participates in E-Verify in accordance with the program’s Right to Work for all newly-hired employees. Employees are queried through the electronic system established by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify identity and employment eligibility. You may complete section 1 of the I-9 form upon your acceptance of a job offer letter, but no later than your first day of employment and in addition, on your first day, but no later than the third day, you will are required to submit original documents to verify your eligibility to work in the U.S. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities at http://dhs.gov/e-verify

 Toll–Free Applicant Support - Technical Help
 If you experience technical difficulty with the NEOGOV system (e.g. uploading or attaching documents to your online application) call NEOGOV at 855-524-5627, Mon-Fri between 6 am and 6 pm (Pacific Time). The Human Resources Office will be unable to assist with technical issues. Helpful hints: If you are having difficulty uploading or attaching documents to your application, ensure your documents are PDF or Microsoft Word files and close the document before you attempt to upload it."
94	9 days ago	Virginia Lord Fairfax Community College	Equity / HR Analyst	"Reporting directly to the Associate Vice President of Human Resources, the Equity/HR Analyst will develop and deliver HR, Payroll, and Equity services to a world-class diverse cadre of faculty, staff, and administrators focused on equity-minded principles and practices in service of inclusive excellence and student success.

Duties include but not limited to:

Cultivate partnerships to deliver HR services to faculty, staff, and administrators.

Provides full spectrum of general human resource services to employees in assigned units.
Works closely with faculty, staff, and administrators to progress work relationships, build morale, and increase engagement and retention.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance.
Foster excellence and equity across all dimensions of the College’s mission, vision, values, policies, procedures, and strategic plan.

Plans, guides, and advises the college’s leadership on diversity, equity, and inclusion. Collaborates to create, implement, and monitor programs designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of students, faculty, and staff.
Through stakeholder inclusion and perspective, assess equity initiatives to engage the community and cultivate a college culture for equity and inclusion.
Collect, analyze, and present disaggregated data and theories of change that build an understanding of factors that impact student success, areas for institutional focus, and methods for achieving equity in outcomes to include, but not limited to recruitment and retention rates of minority employees and students.
Serve as back up to the CHRO for EEO and Title IX for faculty and/or staff related investigations
Telework Availability.

This position’s duties are conducive to hybrid telework for 32 hours or more per month (but less than full time).

Compensation and Benefits

The compensation for the position will commensurate with education and experience; however, the starting minimum for this position is $48,391.00. The position is classified staff and as such is eligible for the benefits package offered by the Commonwealth of Virginia for state agencies. For more information, please visit www.dhrm.virginia.gov.

About Lord Fairfax Community College

Lord Fairfax Community College (LFCC) is a comprehensive, nonresidential, two-year public institution of higher education with 4 locations-the Fauquier and Middletown Campuses, the Luray-Page County Center and the Vint Hill Site and outreach sites throughout the College’s service region. The service region includes the counties of Clarke, Fauquier, Frederick, Page, Rappahannock, Shenandoah, and Warren and the city of Winchester.

LFCC’s Middletown Campus and Luray-Page County Center are nestled within the Shenandoah Valley with easy access to a wide variety of outdoor recreational activities, historical sites, and a welcoming network of towns and cities where families grow and diverse business thrive. LFCC’s Fauquier Campus and Vint Hill Site are located within the Upper Piedmont region of Virginia. Situated in Fauquier County, and located just 40 miles west of Washington, D.C., this area offers the beauty of country living with easy access to the international community of our nation’s capital.

LFCC offers more than 73 associate degree and certificate programs in a wide variety of disciplines, in addition to workforce preparation programs for employees and employers. LFCC offers a variety of day, evening, weekend and distance learning classes. As one of the fastest growing community colleges of the Virginia Community Colleges, LFCC serves over 8,700 unduplicated credit students and approximately 1,200 employers with business and professional development through Workforce Solutions. In terms of student enrollment, LFCC is the seventh largest of the 23 colleges of the Virginia Community Colleges. LFCC ranks 8 out of Virginia’s 23 Community Colleges in the amount of performance based funding received.

Celebrate with Us

In the fall of 1970, LFCC first opened its doors at the Middletown Campus to begin classes with 577 students. Beginning, January 2020, LFCC celebrated 50 years of cultivating educational opportunity and economic vitality within our community. We look forward to reflecting on our past, celebrating the present and moving forward with a renewed dedication to our community and student achievement.

Fiscal year 2021 is one of the strongest years for Virginia Community Colleges in recent state budget history. The G3 (Get Skilled, Get a Job, Give Back) program, which goes into effect on July 1 2021, allows students who quality for full Pell Grants to get $1,000 grants per semester and $500 during the summer to receive a certificate for studying health care, information technology, manufacturing and skilled trades, early childhood education and public safety. Participants will be required to give back two hours of community service, public service, or work experience for each credit hour in which they are enrolled. The program provides funding for tuition, fees and books and other expenses for eligible low- and middle-income students who are pursuing degrees in high-demand fields, including health care, information technology and computer science, manufacturing and skilled trades, public safety and early childhood education. Lawmakers also allocated an additional $5 million in the upcoming budget year to hire 60 badly-needed new community college advisors to help enroll new students and help them successfully navigate the world of higher education. The legislature also approved money to give state classified workers and college faculty (full time and adjunct) five percent pay raises, effective July 1 2021. VCCS leadership said it will work to ensure that P-14 part-time employees also receive the pay raises.

LFCC continues to prepare for the future; our facilities and campus improvement projects include newly completed Luray Page County Center (Jenkins Hall) in Luray, VA as well as the anticipated Hazel Hall Building at our Fauquier Campus in Warrenton, VA.

Lord Fairfax Community College, located in the Northern Shenandoah Valley is accepting applications for adjunct, part-time faculty (day, evening and weekend) positions for Adjunct Faculty. Positions are appointed on a course-by-course, semester basis as needed. Responsibilities include teaching college level courses, which may include distance learning on and off campus courses during the day, evening and weekends.

Additional Information

Your Expertise. Our Inspiring Culture. Enriching Lives and Community Vitality. We are an inclusive and engaged community and recognize the value that students, faculty and staff from different backgrounds bring to the educational experience.

The College is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a diverse environment, and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), LFCC will provide, if requested, reasonable accommodation to applicants in need of accommodation in order to provide access to the application, interviewing and selection process. Please email eeo@lfcc.edu for further information.

Lord Fairfax Community College is an equal opportunity institution providing educational and employment opportunities, programs, services, and activities. The College shall promote and maintain equal employment and educational opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions including lactation, age (except when age is a bona fide occupational qualification), status as a veteran, national origin, or other non-merit factors. The College also prohibits sexual misconduct including sexual violence or harassment.

Minimum Qualifications
Proven academic excellence, evidenced by a bachelor’s degree or equivalent training, experience, and/or certification.
Demonstrated experience and commitment to the delivery of high-quality, equity, and inclusion initiatives that achieve established goals.
Ability to work with a wide variety of people to provide confidential and sensitive services to employees and managers within the college and external customers. Interacts with the public and peers with patience, tact and professionalism to ensure service delivery.
Ability to comprehend, interpret, and apply the appropriate sections of applicable laws, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, and policies.
Ability to drive strategy and garner support for ideas and initiatives in support of change management. Ability to positively influence at all levels of the organization.
Ability to bring challenging topics for discussion in a constructive way, and engaging stakeholders in coming up with viable and meaningful solutions.

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or equivalent experience and/or training.
Working knowledge of multiple human resource disciplines, including recruitment, compensation practices, organizational diagnosis, employee relations, diversity, performance management, and federal and state respective employment laws including, but not limited to Equal Employment Opportunity, Family and Medical Leave Act, Americans with Disabilities Act, and Fair Labor Standards Act.
Ability to acquire a thorough understanding of the organization’s hierarchy, jobs, qualifications, compensation practices, and the administrative practices related to those factors.

Special Requirements

Special Instructions to Applicants
Must apply online at:

https://jobs.vccs.edu/postings/34161

Name Kristin Iden

Phone

Fax

Email kiden@lfcc.edu

Address"
95	30+ days ago	Edwards Lifesciences	Recruiter, Specialist - Talent Acquisition	"Recruiter, Talent Acquisition – Clinical Affairs and Medical Affairs
Are you ready to join an organization that improves the lives of patients around the world? We have a fantastic opportunity for a highly collaborative and mission driven Recruiter to join our Talent Acquisition team.
Supporting the highly niche Clinical Affairs and Medical Affairs functional areas, you will work alongside an amazing team of highly engaged, innovative, and experienced Talent Acquisition Professionals focused on hiring exceptional talent that will support our continued growth and innovation. This team has the extraordinary opportunity to expand our global talent from 14,000 to 25,000 by 2025!
Edwards Lifesciences is a $4.3 billion-dollar medical device company based in Irvine, CA. Our organization has been very successful over the last 60 years because of our focus on product innovation and market leadership in the development of innovative technologies to address structural heart disease and critical care monitoring to help patients live longer and better lives.
In this role you will be responsible for full life cycle recruiting, sourcing, and closing on professionals and leaders for Edwards Lifesciences. Position can be based out of our corporate headquarters in Irvine, California or work remote.
As part of our team, you will:
Specialize in attracting talent within Clinical Affairs, Medical Affairs and Regulatory Affairs.
Build critical relationships with your business leaders, peers, HR colleagues, other Talent Acquisition Teams and key outside partners.
Assist in the development of and lead talent acquisition strategies for a variety of different critical roles for the organization, coordinating the deployment of internal and external resources to meet business needs.
Create an exceptional candidate, hiring manager and team member experience by identifying and anticipating candidate needs, following issues to closure and collaborating with key stakeholders and exceeding expectations.
Provide consultative guidance to and collaborate with hiring managers, Human Resource and Talent Acquisition leadership to assess workforce needs in the near and intermediate term to identify areas of critical need and develop appropriate Recruiting Strategies.
Best represent and market the Edwards Lifesciences brand, the organizations business objectives, and career opportunities to potential candidates while building strong relationships with high potential talent for near term and future needs.
Work on challenging projects that will further advance the Talent Acquisition function at Edwards.
Occasional travel may be required.
Required Qualifications:
A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university.
Minimum of 3 years of full life cycle recruitment experience.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience recruiting within medical device and/or pharma industry.
Successful track record of recruiting for Clinical Affairs, Medical Affairs and/or Regulatory Affairs.
 Experience recruiting for Data Science, Biostatistics and/or Clinical Programming professionals a plus!
A mix of agency and corporate recruiting experience.
Additional Skills and General Expectations:
Demonstrated ability to successfully build relationships with a wide variety of professionals through a consultative approach within the business, Human Resources, Talent Acquisition, and other key partners.
Proven experience in recruiting, assessing and presenting technical talent to various levels in an organization.
Excellent planning and organizational skills. The ability to manage multiple high priority projects effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Self-directed, excellent customer service skills and results orientation.
Proven experience in utilizing sourcing skills and systems (e.g. LinkedIn Recruiter, Zoominfo).
Experience with ATS systems (e.g. TALEO and / or Workday).
Experience developing competitive market intelligence for talent.
Demonstrate a strong understanding of OFCCP process compliance.
Ability to demonstrate effective ways to build talent pipelines and tactical research.
Knowledge of alternative search techniques to find and engage passive candidates.
E dwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities."
96	22 days ago	Knowable	Recruitment and HR Specialist	"As the market leader in enterprise contracts intelligence, Knowable gives corporate clients revolutionary visibility into the relationships that govern their businesses. By converting archaic legal language into structured data, Knowable helps its clients find, search, organize, and analyze their contracts, providing - for the first time - portfolio level views of risks, obligations, and entitlements. As the world’s leader in contract data analytics, with more than 25 million contract data elements analyzed each quarter, Knowable combines proprietary machine learning tools with scalable facilities for human quality control that, together, enable a full contracts intelligence solution for the enterprise.
We are seeking a Recruitment and HR Analyst to join our team. Come be a part of it !
The Role
This role is an exciting opportunity to own the recruitment process for our client service team while supporting and developing HR initiatives and processes at Knowable! The role’s foremost subject matter will be the US functions; however, this individual will establish strong partnerships across a global team! While preexisting knowledge of Workday is not a prerequisite – a successful candidate will be excited to learn the system, guide teammates, and implement processes from the platform.
The successful candidate will be detail oriented, creative, energetic and excited to work collaboratively with Knowable team members of all levels.
This role will report into the US HR Manager.
Specifically, this role will:
Recruit, staff, and supervise the population of flex legal talent that works with our client service team to review agreements and deliver structured contract data to our clients
Manage the end-to-end engagement of flex legal talent – ensure on-going communication, transparency of process, and clear instructions throughout their assignments
Track resource capacity and other edifying talent data in Kimble, our Professional Services Automation tool
Pull and analyze time-keeping data to determine benefit eligibility for Knowable’s contract based, legal talent population
Support a proactive, smooth, and positive onboarding experience for new hires while guiding hiring managers through the process
Own all personnel record keeping and data-tracking related to background checks, onboarding documentation, data changes, and performance information in Workday
Support FTE recruitment efforts by supplementing sourcing, partnering with diverse organizations, and incorporating Knowable’s core values throughout the process
Collaborate across functions to help drive and develop internal Knowable initiatives i.e. sponsorship/mentorship programs, performance management, internships, marketing, and more
Embrace a dynamic environment that values dedication, flexibility, initiative, and a sense of humor
Be a team player, always go the extra mile whether the task is large or small, accept and offer feedback, and ensure that deadlines are met!
Qualifications :
You are adaptable, authentic, accountable, and values-driven. We’re looking for someone who always gives their best and inspires others to do the same. This role requires organization, positivity, problem solving, detail-orientation, responsiveness, people skills, clear communication, & accountability.
In addition to the above, here are the required skills, knowledge, capabilities, and education for this role:
1 - 2+ years of experience working in HR or recruitment
Has experience conducting or supporting the recruitment process end-to-end
Detail-oriented with high accuracy; proficient with proprietary computer software; a self-starter & ready to learn and take ownership of important processes
A warm people-facing persona as well as an analytic mindset & the ability to solve problems
Superb verbal communication skills and able to communicate clearly in a remote setting; professional phone skills are a must
A great writer who sends concise and professional emails, can help draft recruiting documents, and communicate quickly via Microsoft Outlook by handling a high volume of emails and calendar invites
Works quickly under tight deadlines and ensures all documentation is complete before the end of each day
Has used Excel and is proficient with the software; is good with names and can maintain a database with 100% accuracy
Has a bachelor’s degree
Our values:
Fresh Minds: We are proudly nerdy, with the expertise and ambition to lead a whole industry into a smarter era of contract data
Hardy Souls: We are scrappy and determined, and we don't believe in drama
Open Hearts : We are genuine, generous and fearlessly direct with each other, our clients and the market
Uniting: We are naturally collaborative, always striving to come together across disparate backgrounds, cultures and time zones
We Offer:
We welcome you to a truly global, dynamic and challenging environment with great opportunities to develop yourself. Knowable’s benefits are very competitive and the summary below will give you an idea of the kind of things you can expect when joining Knowable.
High level of autonomy and flexible working arrangements
Competitive salary
Generous bonus plan
Company-paid health & dental insurance with optional vision, life, and disability choices
Paid parental leave
401K (US)
Paid Vacation, including time off to volunteer
WFH stipend
Numerous online resources to assist with your self-development and career progression
Knowable is an equal opportunity employer
Knowable is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact accommodations@relx.com or if you are based in the US you may also contact us on 1.855.833.5120.
Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy
Knowable’s approach to due diligence and integration activities is designed to unlock the value embedded in contract and answer the questions that matter most.
Knowable’s clients, including many of the most sophisticated and frequent corporate transactors in the world, know that a more strategic approach to contract diligence increases deal value. We agree!"
97	28 days ago	Surgical Care Affiliates SCA	Human Resource Analyst	"Overview:

Surgical Care Affiliates is currently seeking an HR/Teammate Relations Analyst. THIS POSITION IS AVAILABLE FOR REMOTE/WORK FROM HOME.
SCA, a leader in the outpatient surgery industry, strategically partners with health plans, medical groups and health systems across the country to develop and optimize surgical facilities. SCA operates more than 210 surgical facilities, including ambulatory surgery centers and surgical hospitals, in partnership with approximately 7,500 physicians. For more information on SCA, visit www.scasurgery.com.
BENEFITS TO WORKING FOR US:
We value results more than face-time
We promote flexible schedules
Our benefits begin on day one of employment (19 days of PTO, 8 paid holidays, medical/dental/vision, 401K)
We are committed to having a healthy work environment
We are committed to work-life balance
Our team members are encouraged to volunteer and work on passion projects
We host social events and group activities throughout the year
We promote and encourage self-care
Accountabilities / Responsibilities:
Responsible for managing iCIMS platform, the HR applicant tracking system
Creates and Maintains Teammate data and personnel files
Manage Invoices for HR department (recruiting agencies, contract labor, background verification vendor, legal, diligence)
Manages Central HR Initiatives Calendar
Travel expense reporting for HR Directors and prospective candidates
Administrative Support of HR Department initiatives including:
Training - preparation, distribution and mailing of toolkits; ordering and management of training materials
Caliper Assessment set-up
Teammate Relations Initiatives – monitors central HR inbox and triages inquiries as appropriate badges, ESS (background and drug testing), IT and equipment ordering, set-up and termination process,
Timely reporting needs in support of HR initiatives
Responsible for information updates/ transfer including:
 HR Home Page
 Organizational Charts and Facility Contact lists
Other tasks as assigned or requested.

Qualifications:
BA/BS Preferred
A minimum of 2 to 3 years of Human Resources or a related teammate support field experience is required.
Healthcare experience a plus.
Ability to set priorities. Ability to provide direction to others that is clear concise and promotes efficiency.
Proficiency using Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint).
Strong communication and analytical skills.
Ability to train individuals regarding new processes and procedures.
Strong organization skills, detail oriented, and ability to multitask in a challenging environment.
Ability to manage other duties as assigned.
Experience with any or all the following platforms preferred: Microsoft Teams, Zoom, ServiceNow, iCIMS and UltiPro
EEO Statement
We value Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging at Surgical Care Affiliates: SCA is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability and genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
#SCA #SurgicalCareAffiliates"
98	30+ days ago	RPM Mortgage, Inc.	CORPORATE TRAINER	"LendUS is looking for a Corporate trainer, who is well versed in the finance industry, not afraid to jump in and feel comfortable training groups. This person will be responsible for conducting training's, coordinating training calendars, and tracking participant levels for the Corporate Training department.

Position is also open to remote work!

Ability to conduct new hire orientations within live and online platforms.
Monitor all testing and certification distribution for required compliance training.

Provide ongoing training support via email and phone to all RPM Mortgage employees and loan agents.

Facilitate needs assessment on operational workflows to identify learning strategies and opportunities.

Prepare for any new class offerings and ensure deliverables are met – including printed materials, PowerPoint, and scope of training is communicated properly and understandably to participants.

Assist in the creation and promotion of the monthly training calendar.

Coordinate class assignments and the distribution of course materials and learning paths for all newly hired employees.

Prepare and update all course and instructional materials.

Coordinate and track the attendance of all course participants for internal records and development.

Provide recap of all weekly tasks and project updates.

Experience/Education:

2+ years training, and experience in working with Learning Management Systems
2+ years in Finance or Mortgage Banking

WHO WE ARE:

ONE NAME – LendUS was created as a collaboration between RPM Mortgage and American Eagle mortgage, two well-established mortgage companies with likeminded veterans. Recognized as a Top 100 Mortgage Company in America, along with a national leadership team with over 20 years of experiences, makes LendUS an industry leader in home buying and refinancing.

ONE FAMILY – Family owned and operated, our team members and customers are all treated like family. Our #1 core value of All-In Like Family, ensures we hire team members that exemplify a “Can do, Will do” attitude, committed and approachable. We are focused on our communities and doing what’s right. With over 700 team members, with the ability to lend in 42 states, our family is standing by to assist families with home buying and refinancing needs.

ONE PURPOSE – To provide our customers with smart advice, offer a broad selection of products, simplify the often-complicated lending process, and doing so as expeditiously as possible.


LendUS is an Equal Opportunity Employer of dedicated mortgage loan professionals; offering competitive salary and benefit packages. Due to the state and federal regulation of the mortgage industry, all final candidates must consent to a background check prior to hire.
Qualifications
Skills
Behaviors
:
Motivations
:
Education
Experience
Preferred
2 years: Mortgage Industry
Licenses & Certifications"
99	20 days ago	Covanta	Contract Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Join us in creating a sustainable future and becoming a protector of tomorrow!
Contract Talent Acquisition Specialist
Central / Southern Florida preferred
Remote / Virtual
Why You’re Needed:
Covanta provides essential services to millions of people across North America and abroad. We strive to continue providing the highest caliber of sustainable waste and energy solutions to our customers in a safe and inclusive manner. Your primary focus is to more effectively support our facilities needing higher volume support (Southeastern US) to reach this goal. Although this will be a remote role, you will need to be geographically aligned with at least one of our facilities – ideally in Central or Southern Florida
What You’ll Do:
The Talent Acquisition Sourcing / Recruiting Specialist will be an addition to Covanta’s highly engaged Talent Acquisition team to support our growing needs. You will be part of a team of passionate and collaborative professionals responsible for a variety of talent acquisition activities to hire high potential talent at different locations in US. This is a temporary/consulting role supporting our Energy From Waste (EfW) facilities.
You will supplement Covanta's talent sourcing footprint, build talent pipelines, expand the reach of Covanta's employment brand and support talent acquisition operations in a high volume, high touch environment.
In this consulting role, you will:
Support talent sourcing needs, with a keen eye for diverse and underrepresented talent, across different functions, levels and geographies
Partner with members of the hiring teams to develop effective job posting and sourcing strategies
Identify and develop candidates pipelines primarily through self-sourcing and low fee resources
Screen and deliver a slate of qualified, diverse candidates within the target compensation range
Provide exceptional experience to the candidates and your internal/ external partners
Be a super user/admin of the ATS / RMS
Provide timely metrics, reports and status updates on assigned requisitions/ projects or as requested
Maintain a sound understanding of Covanta’s value proposition, business and hiring needs, industry trends and niche sites
Participate in industry, diversity, veteran and college hiring events
Partner with other team members on projects, innovative sourcing strategies and creative cost-effective solutions
Other Talent Acquisition & HR initiatives, as needed
Work in compliance with industry rules, regulations and practices
Maintain confidentiality, accuracy and keep sensitive information secured
Be an effective, efficient and engaged partner
What You’ll Bring:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred, however we will consider candidates with commensurate experience who possess an Associate’s Degree.
At least 3 years of full lifecycle Talent Acquisition and Sourcing experience in an industrial or manufacturing industry. Prior Agency experience, in addition to Corporate environments, would be preferred
Experience supporting industrial, engineering, operations, technical roles.
Strong working knowledge of one or more Enterprise level ATS tools is needed (Workday Recruit / Taleo / ICIMS / etc…)
Customer service orientation with ability to build strong relationships and credibility with hiring managers and candidates
Strong results orientation, with high sense of urgency
Solid knowledge of current OFCCP and associated laws pertaining to recruiting is required as well as an understanding of HR policies / practices
Demonstrated expertise in direct candidate sourcing methodology and practices with a keen eye for Diversity and Inclusion.
Expertise with associated talent sourcing technologies and resources (passive networks, user communities, LinkedIn Recruiter, Indeed, Diversity and affinity sites)
Ability to drive sourcing campaigns independently and manage multiple searches effectively
Ability to motivate candidates, sell the company brand and career opportunities
Ability to work independently, multi-task in a fast paced, matrixed team-oriented environment.
Must be comfortable working in geographically dispersed team
Ability to adapt to changing business priorities
Dependable, ethical, committed, honest
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
#LI-SS1
Covanta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.


EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf ). Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings or apply for a job on this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by contacting us at careers@covanta.com."
100	30+ days ago	VMware	Contract Recruiter, University Talent- Engineering - Opportunity for Working Remotely Charlotte, NC	"Business Summary:
VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 350,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud Era/ A pioneer in the use of virtualization and automation technologies, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center to the virtual workplace, empowering customers with solutions in the software-defined data center to hybrid cloud computing and the mobile workspace.
Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today.
Job Role and Responsibility:
Please note that this is a full-time contract position.
The University Recruiter is an integral member of the University Talent team at VMware. As a member of this team, you will work directly on our University recruiting strategies. You will provide full cycle recruiting support on technical roles including the selection process, screening and pre-qualifying applicants, interviewing, salary negotiation and closing of candidates. You will advise and guide hiring managers during the entire staffing process. The recruiter joining our team could support PhD, MBA, or engineering while partnering on campus events.
Primary Responsibilities:
Responsible for the recruitment and selection of technical candidates. Prepares and delivers all required feedback and correspondence to applicant/candidates.
Functions as a technical specialist - sourcing, recruiting, and identifying candidates for highly specialized and difficult-to-attract positions.
Responsible for crafting and implementing recruiting strategies within the University space.
Collaborates with managers to understand the skills required for each position to effectively match candidates to needs.
Educates and coaches hiring managers in VMware’s employment processes including interview techniques, selection process and hiring system processes.
Prepares and present offers of employment while ensuring all necessary pre-employment paperwork and documents are provided by candidates prior to start of employment.
Provides advice and counsel to managers on suitability of candidates to the job, the team and VMware.
Implements hiring practices to ensure all documentation, interviews and actions are consistent and follow all legal and ethical standards.
Responsible for ensuring a best in class “candidate experience” throughout the recruitment process.
Coordinates pre-employment reference and background checks.
Sells VMware, the position, and the career opportunity through knowledge of VMware, its culture, benefits, and products.
Works independently and within a team on special, non-recurring, and on-going projects. Conducts research and analyzes data on assigned projects.
Partners with fellow University Recruiters and Campus Managers
Meets assigned metrics in all staffing activities.
Required Skills:
2-5 years of recruiting experience with preference given to supporting a fast-growing environment.
Experience executing all stages of the recruitment process including strategy and target development list, identifying, sourcing, screening, interviewing, referencing, closing and follow-up.
Knowledge and exposure to recruiting technical talent.
Experience with University Recruiting or University Campus Management is a plus.
Creative thinker who can successfully target candidates with out of the box sourcing strategies.
Shown success driving successful placement in a high volume rapidly changing environment.
Proven project management skills with the ability to lead multiple simultaneous projects in various stages of completion.
Results-driven, organized professional who effectively handles contending priorities.
Strong strategic and creative thinker who can distill recruitment strategy into actionable plans and who may execute on those plans.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with University Recruiting, University Programs or University Campus Management.
Executive presence with ability to negotiate, influence change, and provide strategic leadership.
Comfortable with adapting in an everchanging environment.
Strong teamwork mentality.
Location: Home Office
Can be located anywhere within the US
Unfortunately, this job requisition is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by VMware.
Category : HR
Subcategory: Talent Acquisition
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-04-29
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
101	30+ days ago	Ochsner Health System	Compensation Consultant - Remote	"We've made a lot of progress since opening the doors in 1942, but one thing has never changed - our commitment to serve, heal, lead, educate, and innovate. We believe that every award earned, every record broken and every patient helped is because of the dedicated employees who fill our hallways.
At Ochsner, whether you work with patients every day or support those who do, you are making a difference and that matters. Come make a difference at Ochsner Health and discover your future today!
This job provides compensation consulting and resolution to complex compensation inquiries to HR Business Partners, leaders and key stakeholders. Develops and implements compensation ideas based upon organizational needs and anticipates trends, impacts and downstream effects from solutions.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.


This job description is a summary of the primary duties and responsibilities of the job and position. It is not intended to be a comprehensive or all-inclusive listing of duties and responsibilities. Contents are subject to change at the company's discretion.

Education
Required - Bachelor's degree in Healthcare, Business Administration or related field

Work Experience
Required - 5 years’ experience in direct and progressively consultative compensation experience
Certifications
Preferred – Certified Compensation Professional (CCP), Professional in Human Resources (PHR), or Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)
Knowledge Skills and Abilities (KSAs)
Must be proficient with Windows-style applications and keyboard
Effective verbal and written communication skills and the ability to present information clearly and professionally to stakeholders
Knowledge of compensation administration principles and procedures
Knowledge of federal and state wage and salary laws and regulations
Ability to develop reports from HRIS system, analyze data and present findings
Advanced knowledge of Excel including experience with formulas, VLookup and Pivot Tables
Ability to manage and/or lead multiple projects, set priorities and work independently

Job Duties
Provides consultative advice and determine best approach to broad issues by identifying and developing practical recommendations to stakeholders
Identifies complex issues, develops creative solutions, and manages implementation of compensation initiatives and/or issue resolution
Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria for obtaining results to support organizational needs
Leads compensation projects by identifying data, creating project plan and recommending solutions by presenting final recommendations to appropriate stakeholders
L eads mentoring and training of staff, inspires commitment and grows the skills of others
Performs other duties as assigned.
The above statements describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties, and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time.

Remains knowledgeable on current federal, state and local laws, accreditation standards or regulatory agency requirements that apply to the assigned area of responsibility and ensures compliance with all such laws, regulations and standards.

This employer maintains and complies with its Compliance & Privacy Program and Standards of Conduct, including the immediate reporting of any known or suspected unethical or questionable behaviors or conduct; patient/employee safety, patient privacy, and/or other compliance-related concerns.


The employer is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Physical and Environmental Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Light Work - Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly (Constantly: activity or condition exists 2/3 or more of the time) to move objects. Physical demand requirements are in excess of those for Sedentary Work. Even though the weight lifted may be only a negligible amount, a job should be rated Light Work: (1) when it requires walking or standing to a significant degree; or (2) when it requires sitting most of the time but entails pushing and/or pulling of arm or leg controls; and/or (3) when the job requires working at a production rate pace entailing the constant pushing and/or pulling of materials even though the weight of those materials is negligible. NOTE: The constant stress and strain of maintaining a production rate pace, especially in an industrial setting, can be and is physically demanding of a worker even though the amount of force exerted is negligible
Must be able to travel throughout and between facilities.


Normal routine involves no exposure to blood, body fluid or tissue and as part of their employment, incumbents are not called upon to perform or assist in emergency care or first aid.


There is no occupational risk for exposure to communicable diseases
Because the incumbent works within a healthcare setting, there may be occupational risk for exposure to hazardous medications or hazardous waste within the environment through receipt, transport, storage, preparation, dispensing, administration, cleaning and/or disposal of contaminated waste. The risk level of exposure may increase depending on the essential job duties of the role.
Are you ready to make a difference? Apply Today!
Ochsner Health endeavors to make our site accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website, or if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please contact our HR Employee Solution Center at 504-842-4748 (select option 1) or careers@ochsner.org . This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
EEO is the Law links in English , Spanish , Chinese , and Arabic .
Affirmative Action Policy Statement"
102	30+ days ago	Beaumont Services Center	Compensation Consultant	"Reports to the Manager of Compensation, the Compensation Consultant provides consultative expertise, guidance and analysis to business stakeholders to help meet their business objectives through compensation design and execution excellence. The incumbent will proactively partner with Human Resources Business Partners (HRBPs) and business leaders to identify and address compensation issues and evangelize Beaumont’s compensation strategy. This position also represents the client's point-of-view in key corporate compensation initiatives and the corporate point-of-view with client groups.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Provides guidance to the business and develops creative solutions on a variety of total compensation issues including the setting of appropriate pay levels, base pay, and shift differential.
Performs deep analysis on effectiveness and competitiveness of existing compensation programs and models the potential impact of alternatives.
Develops and delivers presentations about compensation programs to influence and educate senior level decision-makers.
Collaborates with Compensation leadership team to execute strategic, companywide compensation decisions.
Partners with HRBPs on compensation issues and works on a variety of special compensation projects as needed.
Conducts job evaluations using market data and internal evaluation.
Leads the participation in salary survey to ensure a robust survey library.
Manages compensation evaluation, reviews and designs rhythm.
Provides context, interpretation and recommendations for results of standard compensation reports.
Responds to compensation questions from internal customers, and persuasively delivers recommendations to decision-makers.
Serves as a peer reviewer and mentor of technical knowledge to effectively guide less experienced analysts in complex research, data collection and analytics.
Helps drive enhancement of various compensation program capabilities.
Performs other duties as assigned.

STANDARD QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business, Health Administration or related field required.
Master’s degree in Human Resources, Business, Health Administration preferred.
Five years of progressively responsible compensation experience required, two of which should be at a senior level.
Experience working in healthcare is strongly preferred.
Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) designation preferred.

Other Qualifications:

Knowledge of healthcare industry and complexities of administering compensation programs in intricate environments.
Ability to function independently with a high level of autonomy and discretion.
Ability to develop and foster business relationships with leaders.
Ability to clearly and concisely present information of a complex nature.
Advanced MS Excel, Access, and PowerPoint skills.
Strong attention to detail.

***This position has the opportunity to be fully remote


EXTERNAL APPLICANTS APPLY NOW CURRENT EMPLOYEES APPLY NOW
Req. Number: 30152914
Posted Date: 4/16/2021
26901 Beaumont BlvdSouthfield, MI
Department: HR Compensation
Shift: Days
Job Type: Full time"
103	30+ days ago	UnitedHealth Group	Human Capital Technology Analyst - Minnetonka, MN or Telecommute	"UnitedHealth Group is a company on the rise. We’re expanding in multiple directions, across borders and most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn’t about another gadget, it’s about transforming the healthcare industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life’s best work.(sm)
As a Human Capital Technology Analyst, you will be responsible for providing creative solutions for complex problems through research and analysis of data, processes and HR system capabilities. Core responsibilities include Human Capital systems configuration and maintaining or enhancing process functionality. Deliverables will include capturing Requirements, creating a Functional Design, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Implementing Change Requests following a predefined process. As an individual contributor you will support Global Self Service (GSS) Payroll related functionality while maintaining data integrity across all Business areas that utilize an integrated platform for Human Capital Management.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
PeopleSoft HCM 9.1 or equivalent Human Capital Management system experience
A proven track record in problem solving system related functionality gaps
Analytical experience in researching the root cause and effect of system functionality
Experience with comprehension of relational database functionality
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Technology, or a related field
3+ years of experience in Human Capital applications
Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experienced in Payroll processing Domestic or International Employee populations
Experience with SQL or other reporting capabilities
Experience with Microsoft applications with an emphasis in Access and Excel
Experienced in working in a change management environment
Careers at UnitedHealth Group. We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these select few, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 7 company. We provide an environment where you're empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks. And we offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. We believe the most important is the opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $53,3000 to $95,100. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: telecommute, remote, work from home, Minnetonka, Minnesota, MN, 927683"
104	30+ days ago	Embark Trucks	Strategy Lead, People & Culture Team	"Embark Trucks is a leading self-driving truck company bringing autonomous freight mainstream. We have raised $117m by partnering with Tiger Global ($70m Series C) and Sequoia Capital ($30m Series B) to help grow our team and introduce our technology to the public. Currently, we move freight daily between LA and Phoenix using our purpose-built transfer hubs. We have aligned ourselves with truck manufacturers, shippers, and carriers to integrate our technology into the freight ecosystem, pursuing a business model where fleets own and operate our trucks. This is an incredibly exciting time for autonomous vehicles and our team is looking to grow.
We are looking for a Strategy Lead to join the People & Culture team who will tackle high impact projects across multiple functions with a focus on people analytics, industry research, HR systems and recruiting metrics. The ideal candidate is a generalist with a proven track record of excellence, an eye for detail, and the ability to learn quickly in unfamiliar contexts. This position will report to Head of People & Culture, and will help serve as a force multiplier to them as we approach hyper-growth.

This role is remote-friendly (some travel required).
Some Projects You Will Work On:
Collaborate on strategic talent initiatives with the Head of People, Head of Talent Acquisition, and members of the Executive Team (CEO, CTO, COO); oversee large, cross-functional, organization-wide projects or special People & Culture initiatives
Provide decision support through data gathering, information analyzing, and benchmarking, keeping a strong pulse on best practices in tech, start-up, or hyper-growth companies
Help to enhance our capability to analyze large sets of recruiting / people data and translate findings in a visually appealing manner that tell a story and help us make better data driven decisions
Simplify processes, challenge the status quos and help us re-imagine the traditional People function
Experience
2+ years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, VC/PE/growth fund, Big Tech, or startups; experience in human capital consulting a plus.
Additional education (MBA) or years of work experience a plus.
A history of working on hard problems you see from start to finish and ownership over whole project areas. You enjoy being delegated ownership of ambiguous goals, and finding intentional, strategic, and scalable solutions to achieve those goals.
You can forecast what is needed in the long term for sustainability, but can make logical and sequential decisions in the short term (we are building a truck and driving it too!)
You consider yourself an analytical, quantitative-focused researcher, and love diving into the details of a problem, spreadsheet, or process.
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
The ability to multitask and prioritize with changes in scale, scope, and project deadlines
Excellent communication and organizational skills
When you apply, address the application to Jacqueline and let me know why you want to join our team.
A few company highlights:
CNBC - Our Partner Development Program
Forbes - The Embark Universal Interface
Navigating Highway Work Zones with the Embark Driver
Forbes - 70 Million Dollar Series C
Video - Day in the life of a self-driving truck
30 Million Dollar Series B led by Sequoia
At Embark we celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Embark provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws."
105	30+ days ago	Imperfect Foods	Technical Recruiter	"About Imperfect
Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!
We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!
About the Role:
The Talent team is responsible for developing the Imperfect culture and for hiring a diverse group of hardworking people to help build the future of Imperfect!
We’re looking for a stellar full-cycle Technical Recruiter who will also take on heavy sourcing responsibilities when needed. The primary responsibilities will be sourcing and recruiting for our IT, Engineering, Product/Growth, and Business Intelligence teams. However, various HQ and Operations roles could also be part of the position.
Additional responsibilities include creating a diverse workplace and managing the interview experience for candidates and hiring managers. We believe people are our greatest asset and the talent we attract drives us. Our approach to recruiting is collaborative and based on relationship building. We’re looking for someone who is invested in Imperfect’s story and can’t wait to share it.
Responsibilities:
Partner with Hiring Managers and recruiting team to understand all hiring needs and proactively bring in high quality, diverse, and engaged candidates
Generate a strong pipeline of qualified candidates through multiple sourcing channels (Linkedin, Boolean searches, social media, job boards, tech associations & groups, and other creative search techniques)
Drive a weekly cadence with hiring managers to level-set on hiring needs, expectations, candidate flow, interviews, etc
Ensure that our job descriptions are reaching the right people, leveraging the best job boards and communication channels
Proactively set up specific channels to reach diverse candidates
Attend tech industry networking events to identify who the best people are and where to find them
Screen resumes and phone screen qualified in-bound candidates who have applied to our jobs
Leverage our ATS (Lever) and be able to show a results-driven recruiting process
Stay current on hiring strategies and competitive industry salaries
Keep ‘em warm! Be familiar with the existing pipeline of candidates and be thinking about what future opportunities would fit
Create and deliver compelling job offers to selected candidates
Close candidates and manage negotiations as needed
Know our company inside and out so that you can show prospective candidates how amazing it is to work for Imperfect
Partner with People Business Partners and Hiring Managers to ensure a smooth transition to the onboarding stage
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of full cycle technical recruiting experience
2+ years of sourcing for software engineering, IT, and Business Intelligence roles
Proven track record sourcing and hiring passive candidates
Experience sourcing on various job boards including but not limited to: LinkedIn, Indeed and various IT job boards
Solid knowledge of sourcing techniques (e.g., social media recruiting and Boolean search)
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
A mix of agency and corporate recruiting would be ideal
Experience using an Applicant Tracking System- Lever a huge plus!
About You:
Level-headed: You are a creative problem solver. You work efficiently and calmly within tight deadlines and can juggle multiple projects at once
Data driven: You understand and use the Applicant Tracking System to best determine a strategy
People driven: As an Imperfect Foods representative and often people’s first point of contact, you can’t wait to share our mission and our vision. It brings you joy to create an exceptional candidate and hiring manager experience, and your intuition and EQ are fine-tuned
Detail-oriented: Organization, task prioritization, and logistics all fall in your comfort zone
Adaptable: Needs change quickly and you have a great attitude about itOwn it Mentality: You thrive on learning opportunities and new challenges. While knowing when to ask for help, you also move quickly to get it done
Humble: You see something that needs to be done, and you take responsibility for it. No task is too small
You love sourcing from a variety of places. From online to in-person, you love the hunt and the hustle associated with finding the perfect candidate
You’re passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Talent Acquisition Manager
Position is based remotely within the United States
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experience
Competitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.
How we are protecting employees from COVID-19
At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.
We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19."
106	8 days ago	Kyocera Document Solutions America, Inc.	Remote Contract Recruiter - 3 Months with possible extension	"Overview:

Job Title: Senior Recruiter
Division: Headquarters
Department: Human Resources
Location: Fairfield, NJ or Remote
FLSA Status: Exempt
Status: Full time
Reports to: Manager, Talent Acquisition & Diversity
Revised: March 2021
$45 - $50/hr
About the Role:
When you join Kyocera Document Solutions America, Inc. you are joining an organization that is deeply rooted in the Philosophy of “doing what is right as a human being”. Through this Philosophy, our employees are passionate about providing best in class customer service through efficiency, accountability and a sense of urgency all while putting knowledge to work to drive change.
As a Senior Recruiter you will source and recruit emerging sales and service talent throughout the United States for KYOCERA Document Solutions. You will ensure current and proactive recruitment delivery for the sales and service business while managing internal customer expectations with a shared vision of efficient and proactive recruitment
The chance to do something meaningful, to challenge yourself, to be a part of change in an industry, to influence change doesn’t come around every day.
Responsibilities:
Drive appropriate sourcing, selection and pre-onboarding strategies for the client group supported by the role. This role will be focused on Sales and Service
Ensure best in class candidate experience throughout the hiring process by providing timely feedback / responses to candidates etc.
Ensure data compliance within Applicant Tracking Tool (iCims).
Ensure accuracy and compliant usage of all tools the market KYOCERA ex: (social media, and job boards
Advise the Hiring Managers / interview panels on the recruiting process and help build their interview capabilities on an ongoing basis.
Act as a Diversity ambassador in the sourcing, identification, interviewing and supporting the hire of applicants that qualify.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with demonstrated proficiency in understanding organizational culture and ability to establish relationships both externally and internally
Self-directed and detail-oriented with a burning desire to consult with senior-level managers and stakeholders
High energy, articulate and customer-service mindset, with the ability to be assertive as and when required
Assist in other areas of recruitment as needed by the business.
Qualifications:

Required:
5+ years of experience in full life-cycle recruitment (agency or in-house), preferably within the technology industry, with a focus on sales professionals
Proficient in talent recruitment and talent engagement tools and channels (i.e. social media/LinkedIn, application tracking software, events/conferences, etc.) and understanding and demonstrated capability to source passive candidate through these channels
Experience in utilizing Applicant Tracking Systems and other technology to recruit candidates and manage the recruitment cycle
Ability to consult with hiring managers and support them by educating them on candidate selection, disqualification and processing
Preferred:
Experience in sales psychometric assessments
Bilingual in Spanish and English
Note:
This is a general description of the duties and responsibilities most frequently required of this position. The company may from time to time request that the incumbent perform other related tasks and assume reasonable responsibilities that have not been specifically included in this description.
Kyocera Document Solutions America, Inc is a group company of Kyocera Document Solutions Inc., a global leading provider of total document solutions based in Osaka, Japan. The company’s portfolio includes reliable and eco-friendly MFPs and printers, as well as business applications and consultative services which enable customers to optimize and manage their document workflow, reaching new heights of efficiency. With professional expertise and a culture of empathetic partnership, the objective of the company is to help organizations put knowledge to work to drive change. Kyocera is looking for enthusiastic and innovative people to help our customers run their businesses more efficiently and more profitably. We offer a generous benefits package including medical, dental and vision plans, a 401k match, flexible spending, disability and life insurance, plus paid time off and holidays.
KYOCERA Document Solutions America, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, a VEVRRA Federal Contractor, and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws regarding nondiscrimination. Kyocera provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Qualified minorities, women, protected veterans and/or individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply."
107	30+ days ago	Providence	HRSC Quality Compliance Specialist PSJH - HR Service Center	"Description:
Providence is calling a current caregiver to develop his or her career with this new opportunity as a HRSC Quality Compliance Specialist PSJH. This role works 100% remote. Candiates for this position must reside in Alaska, Washington, Montana, Oregon or California.
Upon applying, potentially qualified applicants will receive text messages with additional questions from Modern Hire.
The HRSC Quality Compliance Specialist PSJH who will provide quality and compliance support related to the HR Service Center (HRSC) pre-employment process. Maintains current knowledge of regulatory agencies, federal and state changes pertaining to drug screening, EEO, Li-censure, and Certifications. Provides tier 1 escalation for HRSC Advisers, candidates and internal customers. Thorough understanding of job description requirements, with ability to identify and escalate discrepancies. Conducts audits and research to ensure quality compliance and data integrity. Provides field audit support related to pre-employment requirements. Thorough knowledge and ability to uphold system policies and procedures.
In this position you will:
Acts as first tier escalation and credentialing support for candidate and internal customers to ensure position requirements are fulfilled prior to start date.
Acts as a subject matter expert for several information systems utilized by HRSC and actively participates in training and enhancements for system optimization.
Performs on-going credentialing analysis on job descriptions and applies critical thinking to ensure regulatory requirements are met.
Supports position mapping where gaps occur, and maintains multiple supporting data sources; escalates to business partners as needed.
Delivers high quality customer service support to internal and external clients, including collaboration with SME's and business partners to ensure overall timely resolutions to inquiries or issues.
Uses critical thinking and root cause analysis to responds to inquiries; researches, gathers supporting information, and SME's feedback to resolve problems.
Knowledgeable on current actions and changes with regulatory agencies, federal and state, with specialization in HR, drug screening, EEO, licensure, certifications, I9s, and adjudications.
Assists with requests for field audit and survey support for pre-employment requirements.
Supports reporting functions by administering uploads, exports and imports; demonstrates ability to analyze results and apply logic to ensure data integrity.
Administer regular and ad hoc internal process audits to ensure system compliance.
Informs and educates HRSC on credentialing processes and compliance initiatives.
Supports HRSC projects and continuous improvement initiatives.
Assists department audit analysis and reporting needs.
Other projects as assigned.
Qualifications:
Required qualifications for this position include:
Bachelor's Degree in related field or equivalent education/experience.
2 years experience in a data quality and compliance function.
2 years experience in business operations of HR.
Experience in analyzing data and communicating the results to the business.
2 years experience monitoring and applying Federal, State and Regulatory agency requirements.
Preferred qualifications for this position include:
Experience in an HR environment and working with HR data.
About the department you will serve.
Providence Shared Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for our Providence family of organizations across Alaska, California, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Washington. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise.
We offer comprehensive, best-in-class benefits to our caregivers. For more information, visit
https://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/
Our Mission
As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable.
About Us
Providence is a comprehensive not-for-profit network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services continuing a more than 100-year tradition of serving the poor and vulnerable. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law.
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Job Category: HR Generalist
Location: Washington-Renton
Other Location(s): Montana, California, Washington, Oregon, Alaska
Req ID: 290362"
108	14 days ago	Caterpillar	Global Head of Talent Management	"Description
Career Area:
Human Resources
Job Description:
The Talent Management Director provides enterprise-wide leadership for the strategies, tools and processes that support Caterpillar’s ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain a diverse, high performing workforce. In partnership with business and HR leaders, this role is responsible for defining and/or continuously improving talent management frameworks, including talent acquisition, performance management and succession planning.
More specifically, the role is accountable to:
Partner with business and corporate leadership to develop and deploy agile talent management strategies, utilizing data and analytics to identify talent related risks.
Draw upon a systems-mindset to ensure talent management processes and career development infrastructure are impactful, sustainable, and aligned with business initiatives
Liaise with other HR leaders and teams to coordinate development of talent management programs, systems, and processes to support the business
Plan and lead enterprise-level succession planning and talent review forums, closely collaborating with business and function leadership to oversee strategies that accelerate development of key talent and bench strength for critical roles
Develop an enterprise-level strategic diversity and inclusion plan that results in the diverse talent pipelines essential to achieving business objectives
Improve organizational effectiveness through the development and deployment of solutions to enhance leadership, improve productivity, and drive a performance culture
Lead talent acquisition infrastructure and best practice initiatives, coordinating with resources embedded in the business to deliver robust, highly effective talent acquisition programs and processes.
Oversee implementation and management of talent management systems, with a focus on fully utilizing the capabilities of the enterprise HCM application.
Develop field HR capability in talent management excellence
Capabilities and Skills:
This senior leadership role requires a unique combination of strategic, operational, and tactical leadership abilities, including:
Ability to understand business strategies and translate them into actionable and compelling talent management initiatives with discernable outcomes
Leverages a customer-driven approach to design to ensure that talent processes and solutions are simple, easy, and effective; optimizing to develop increased capabilities and strengthen the high-performance culture
Self-directed, seasoned HR leader with experience at designing and rapidly implementing new tools and processes and ability to handle numerous projects concurrently
Demonstrated leadership presence, with a proven ability to inspire followership across all levels of the organization, and track record of influencing senior leaders.
Collaborative and influential in partnering with HR Business Partners as well as Executive Business Leaders
Champions and creates buy-in for testing and implementing new talent management technologies and solutions
Substantial problem-solving skills with strategic focus on process and task management and execution
Experience:
The typical career journey of this leader would include:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s degree in a related field, preferred
15+ years serving as a subject matter expert in Talent Management strategies, policies, and processes within a large global organization.
Minimum 3+ years’ experience leading large-scale, complex change and transformation
5+ years’ experience with people management, having served as an effective coach across all levels and able to inspire others.
The preferred location for this role is Deerfield, IL. Relocation assistance may be provided to those eligible. Remote work may be considered, if appropriate.
Additional Information:
Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers.
Caterpillar is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals – including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities – are encouraged to apply.
This employer is not currently hiring foreign national applicants that require or will require sponsorship tied to a specific employer, such as H, L, TN, F, J, E, O.

#LI-Remote
Relocation is available for this position.
EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals - Including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities - are encouraged to apply.
Not ready to apply? Submit your information to our Talent Network here."
109	29 days ago	Ecumen	Talent Acquisition Specialist	"Overview:

Ecumen is hiring for a Talent Acquisition Specialist.
Ecumen is more than 150 years old and one of the nation's largest nonprofit providers of housing and services for older adults. At Ecumen, all of our team members have the opportunity to help older adults lead fulfilling lives.

We offer an extremely competitive benefits package that includes great 401K matching and health savings account (HSA) programs. You'll also enjoy the convenience and flexibility of working from home the majority of the time.
Responsibilities:

The Talent Acquisition Specialist will be responsible for supporting the full lifecycle recruitment process and managing the candidate experience throughout the Ecumen recruitment process to ensure a consistent and positive experience. The Talent Acquisition Specialist will provide an exceptional experience to hiring managers and candidates, supporting team members through all phases of the recruiting process. Understanding hiring needs and challenges, sourcing potential hires, building relationships with passive candidates and hiring managers and evaluating candidates’ qualifications. This includes responsibility for managing key performance indicators in Talent Acquisition metrics.
Essential job responsibilities include:
Lead and execute full life cycle recruiting process including sourcing, screening, selection, interviewing and supporting pre-onboarding.

Collaboratively consult with hiring managers and site HR team to determine current staffing needs and recommend strategies for identifying and recruiting potential candidates.

Evaluate applications, review resumes, complete initial phone interviews to identify top candidates and narrow candidate pool to make recommendations to hiring managers on the top candidates and coordinate in-person interviews.

Proactively create applicant pools and talent pipelines by posting job ads through job boards, social media platform, professional associations and attending career fairs.

Build employer brand through educating candidates about Ecumen throughout process.

Ensure compliance and background checks on all candidates.

Maintain and manage candidates through ATS.

Qualifications:

Talent Acquisition Specialist
Minimum Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in human resources or related area, or equivalent work experience
Minimum of 3 years full life cycle recruiting experience
Proficiency with applicant tracking systems (ATS) and human resource information systems (HRIS)
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to juggle multiple priorities and complete work with a high level of quality and attention to detail
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite as well as popular social media platforms.
Ability to travel up to 30%
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with iCIMS applicant tracking system

Equal Opportunity Employer:

Ecumen is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, familial status, disability or veteran status.
We participate in E-Verify."
110	30+ days ago	Baptist Health System KY & IN	Executive Recruiter | Healthcare	"Baptist Health strives to cultivate a close-knit, positive and professional environment that encourages our employees to want to come to work every day.
When you choose Baptist, you have an opportunity to play a role in providing compassionate, quality care that makes a difference in the lives of our patients and promotes joy throughout our communities.
Job Description:
Using independent judgment and discretion, the Executive Recruiter will drive the full-lifecycle recruitment and onboarding activities for all Directors, VP's and C'Suite searches.
Work from home and must live in Kentucky or Indiana.
Responsible for:
Leading hiring manager discussions for openings,
Research and implement cost - effective and creative sourcing methods,
Screening candidates using behavioral based techniques,
Obtaining salary quotes while understanding the marketplace,
Extending verbal offers,
Generating offer letters, with complex verbiage
Working with vendors for relocation, temporary housing etc.
Ensuring that all required pre-employment checks and compliance requirements adhere with all company policies and regulatory requirements.
Minimum Education and Training:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.
Directly related work experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
4-7 Years of Executive Recruitment experience either in a Corporate or Executive Search Firm setting.
Successful Candidates will have:
G ood organizational and time management skills.
Good analytical problem solving skills.
Proactive attitude toward goals and objectives.
Ability to handle multiple projects.
Ability to handle stressful situations.
Ability to exercise judgment and discretion.
Proficiency with personal computer and windows software applications.
If you would like to be part of a growing family focused on supporting clinical excellence, teamwork and innovation, we urge you to apply now!
Baptist Health is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer."
111	30+ days ago	Cetera Financial Group	Human Resources Business Partner	"The HR Business Partner is a key member of the HR Team and will partner with and support the Senior HR Business Partners and their respective business units delivering end-to-end human resources. As the HR team will need to be nimble, this role will also work on various projects and may support 1-2 enterprise HR processes.
The successful candidate will be excited about the opportunity to contribute to the build-out of Ceteraâ€™s human resources capabilities and contributing toward the development of a best-in-class, business-focused human resources team.
What you will do:
Effectively partner with and support our awesome HR team to provide a full range of HR services in the areas of talent acquisition, employee relations, compensation, and leadership and employee development
Promote a culture of success, pride, performance, discipline, and creativity. Be an effective spokesperson and champion for HR value and CFG in the industry and local communities across the country
Support talent management programs; including providing coaching and assistance on setting objectives, providing written and verbal feedback and conducting mid-year and annual performance reviews
Perform HRIS activities to include: transfer, promotions and manager changes
Support the collective HR team with full-cycle performance management and compensation programs
Ensure compliance with the state and federal laws and regulations relating to human resources
Assist with creating new jobs, updating job descriptions and ensuring roles are aligned with business and market strategy
Support HRBPs with various employee relations matters. Provide guidance with general leave, benefits and policy questions
Partner with our L&D team to enhance our vast HR training modules and programs (Cetera YOUniversity)
Taking time to thoroughly understand the business needs and priorities, translating them into an executable human resources strategy
Ensure the consistent application of HR policies, processes and systems within the business
Regularly runs standard and ad-hoc reports and analyses using the Companyâ€™s HRIS
Performs other related duties as required and assigned
What you need to have:
Bachelorâ€™s Degree in Human Resources or Business
5+ years working in the human resources field
3+ years working knowledge of:
HRIS systems; transaction management
(ATS) recruiting systems, processes and best practices
Employment law
3+ years of professional experience with Excel, PowerPoint and HR systems
Really catch our eye with:
3+ years HR Generalist experience
Experience in a specialty function area of human resources
Professional in Human Resources (PHR) certification
Self-starter who can work with minimal directions
Our top performers share the following traits:
Adaptable to change in a fast-paced environment
Courteous and empathetic to client concerns
Superior listening skills
Positive role model to colleagues
Team player attitude
Energetic and results-oriented
What we give you in return:
Our competitive Health program offers a comprehensive benefits package that supports healthy lifestyles, preventative care and helps to protect against hardship. Our retirement plan offers our employees the opportunity to plan ahead for a strong financial future well beyond their working years.
About Cetera Financial Group:
Cetera Financial Group Â® (""Cetera"") is a leading network of independent retail broker-dealers empowering the delivery of objective financial advice to individuals, families and company retirement plans across the country through trusted financial advisors and financial institutions. Cetera is the second-largest independent financial advisor network in the nation by number of advisors, as well as a leading provider of retail services to the investment programs of banks and credit unions.
Through its multiple distinct firms, Cetera offers independent and institutions-based advisors the benefits of a large, established broker-dealer and registered investment adviser, while serving advisors and institutions in a way that is customized to their needs and aspirations. Advisor support resources offered through Cetera include award-winning wealth management and advisory platforms, comprehensive broker-dealer and registered investment adviser services, practice management support and innovative technology.
"" Cetera Financial Group "" refers to the network of retail independent broker-dealers encompassing, among others, Cetera Advisors , Cetera Advisor Networks , Cetera Financial Institutions, Cetera Financial Specialists , First Allied Securities , and Summit Brokerage Services .
Cetera Financial Group is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. For us, this is the only acceptable way to do business. Accordingly, all employment decisions at the Cetera Financial Group, including those relating to hiring, promotion, transfers, benefits, compensation, and placement, will be made without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, age, physical and/or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic characteristics, religion, religious dress and/or grooming, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, U.S. military status, political affiliation, or any other class protected by state and/or federal law.
Agencies please note: this recruitment assignment is being managed directly by Ceteraâ€™s Talent Acquisition team. We will reach out to our preferred agency partners in the rare instance we require additional talent options. Your respect for this process is appreciated"
112	29 days ago	Scott’s Cheap Flights	Senior Recruiter	"As Senior Recruiter, you will be responsible for leading and guiding the talent acquisition function at Scott's Cheap Flights. This includes sourcing, recruitment, recruiting-related compliance, DEI, and employer branding. You will work across all departments to help scale their teams and ensure we are hiring the best and brightest to Scott's Cheap Flights using the best strategies and processes in order to continue developing our culture. You will be supporting the growth of the organization by hiring anywhere from 30 to 40 new team members over the course of the next 12-18 months. This role will report to the Head of Operations.
In the short term, you will...
Learn and understand the Scott's Cheap Flights product offering and how each team supports our mission, culture, and organization as a whole
Establish yourself as a trusted resource to all hiring managers
Lead full-cycle recruitment while prioritizing an excellent candidate experience
Work closely with hiring managers and stakeholders to develop job descriptions, forecast future hiring plans, and define candidate profiles to fit our business needs
Establish hiring reports and metrics to share with the team on a regular basis
Own and develop our employer brand with a long-term, strategic plan focused on attracting diverse, best-in-class talent
In the long term, you will...
Examine and improve upon our existing hiring processes by identifying areas of opportunity, bottlenecks, and strengths we need to be capitalizing on
Define hiring guides and interview packets in order to standardize and optimize Scott's Cheap Flights interview processes
Fully own talent acquisition at Scott's Cheap Flights
Define hiring guides and interview packets in order to standardize and optimize Scott's Cheap Flights interview processes
What you bring to the table
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion: You believe in and advocate for DEI initiatives and ensure that all employees, no matter their background, are welcome and can thrive at SCF.
Corporate and Technical Recruiting Experience: You have at least three years of experience owning full-cycle recruitment for a fast-growth technology organization.
Agile Resilience: You thrive under pressure, are ok with change, and enjoy the ability to work on numerous, unique positions simultaneously.
Process Motivated: You aren't afraid to try new things and are obsessed with validation, but you know when a process will work for the majority and stick to it, knowing you may need to iterate in the future.
Growth Minded: You understand the need for healthy debate and thrive in a feedback-driven environment.
Remote Culture: You understand what it takes to build an amazing company culture so well that you can do it without everyone being in the same location.
Must have's:
Clear and concise verbal and written communication skills
Experience leading full-cycle technical recruitment
Ability to jump between high-level strategy and tactical execution
High attention to detail, particularly when it comes to editing job descriptions, messaging candidates, and scheduling
Experience working with a fast-growth organization with competing priorities
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States and plan to work full-time in the United States
Why you might love working here:
100% remote work environment, so go ahead and bring your dog to work or wear your PJ's to the office
Open vacation policy, with a 3 week minimum!
Comprehensive health, vision, and dental insurance
401(k) with a 5% match
Up to 12-weeks of paid family leave
Meetup meals when you cross paths with a co-worker
Continuing education & development reimbursement
Yearly team retreat (Last year we went to Riviera Maya. This year, we had a daily costume contest and went virtual!)
Challenging problems to solve and an awesome team to collaborate with every single day
We want you to bring your authentic self to work every single day. We accept you for who you are and consider everyone on an equal opportunity basis without regard to ancestry; age; appearance; color; gender identity and/or expression; genetics; family or parental status; marital, civil union, or domestic partnership status; mental, physical, or sensory disability; national, social or ethnic origin; past or present military service; sexual orientation; socioeconomic status; race; religion or belief.
‍If you require a reasonable accommodation or assistance for any part of the interview and employment process, please contact us at careers@scottscheapflights.com and let us know the nature of your request."
113	5 days ago	EmployU, Inc	Recruiter	"Description:

Join Our Team!
Are you looking for a career where you are excited to go to work every day, earn a great living, and you can make a positive difference in people's lives?
Our mission is to empower our customers with knowledge, connections, and the confidence required to embark on a new sustainable career.
Employees who are eligible for benefits enjoy: Health, Dental, Vision and Life insurance, 401(k) plan, PTO, bonus potential, paid holidays and a flexible schedule that allows for an exceptional work/life balance.
EmployU is a nonprofit employment service that empowers customers with the knowledge, connections, and confidence required to embark on a new sustainable career. We are structured as a one-stop-shop offering adult employment services, youth programs, employability trainings, paid work experience, and a variety of assessments. Our services enhance a customer’s ability to successfully achieve independence by establishing a lifelong career.
. Requirements:

This position is a flexible, work from home position, but the successful candidate will need to be located in Florida. This is a full-time, benefits eligible position starting between $19.23/hr. and $21.63/hr.
POSITION SUMMARY
The Recruiter will identify, screen, recruit and onboard job candidates to attract a diverse pool of qualified and capable talent for the organization. Responsible for full cycle recruiting for all positions by attending job fairs, college campus and community events, and networking with candidates and organizations.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Reasonable Accommodations Statement
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Functions Statement(s)
1. Consults with supervisors, managers and directors to understand the requirements, duties and qualifications for vacant positions.
2. Maintains current understanding of fair and competitive market salaries and demand for candidates in particular positions.
3. Organizes and attends job fairs, college campus and community events, and other networking opportunities.
4. Implements sourcing strategies for recruitment for a variety of roles.
5. Posts jobs and collaborates with the Marketing department to advertise positions.
6. Screens candidates, selects qualified and interested candidates for the interview process, and connects viable candidates with hiring managers.
7. Assists with the interview process, schedules interviews, attends and conducts interviews with company leaders as necessary.
8. Follows up with candidates and hiring managers after the interview process; collects feedback when candidate is unsuccessful.
9. Collaborates with the hiring manager and/or human resources staff during the offer process, identifying and recommending salary ranges, incentives, start dates, and other pertinent details.
10. Prepares offer letters and communicates with the candidate about the job offer.
11. Assists successful candidates in preparing their application for approval to work with clients through Vocational Rehabilitation.
12. Checks candidate references and credentials; conducts background checks.
13. Completes new hire onboarding, schedules training, ensures new hire has necessary resources and equipment for start date.
14. Ensures compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, and company policies.
15. Completes other related duties as assigned.
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS
Competency Statement(s)Job KnowledgeCommunicationIntrapersonal SkillsRelationship BuildingDecision Making and JudgmentInitiativeOrganizational SkillsDetail OrientedTime Management
SKILLS & ABILITIES
Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or related field preferred.
Experience: Minimum of two years recruiting and onboarding candidates required; understanding of social media recruiting; recruiting in a nonprofit environment preferable.
Computer Skills: Proficient with Microsoft Office including web-based video conferencing; Applicant Tracking System experience required; the ability to learn additional computer applications required.
Certifications & Licenses: Minimum of PHR certification preferred; SHRM’s Talent Acquisition Specialty Credential a plus.
Other Requirements:Familiarity with laws, regulations, and best practices applicable to recruitment and HR.Ability to prioritize multiple job openings and a proven ability to meet deadlines.Must have own computer, printer, smartphone with data plan, and high-speed internet connection.
Supervision: No supervisory responsibilities.
Travel: Local and intrastate travel required.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING ENVIRONMENT
These conditions are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.
Environment: Office and community settings.
Physical: Standing, walking, prolonged periods sitting at a desk and working on a computer, must be able to lift up to 10 pounds as needed.
Vision: See in the normal visual range with or without correction; vision sufficient to read computer screens and printed documents.
Hearing: Hear within the normal audio range with or without correction."
114	21 days ago	Terumo CV Group	Remote Recruiter (Temp)	"At Terumo Cardiovascular, we develop, manufacture and distribute medical devices for cardiac and vascular surgery with an emphasis on cardiopulmonary bypass, intra-operative monitoring and vascular grafting. This includes a full-line of perfusion products, endoscopic vessel harvesting products and surgical stabilization products.
Our mission is to work as a team to save one more life, today and every day. We do this by providing lifesaving technology to cardiac surgery teams around the world.
This position is responsible for full-cycle recruitment for positions at all levels within the organization. You will be responsible for identifying talented individuals to drive us forward. You will design and execute strategies to engage talent through a number of channels. Throughout the entire process, you will provide a great candidate experience, while serving as an advisor to your internal partners.
1. In all actions, demonstrates a primary commitment to patient safety and product quality by maintaining compliance to the Quality Policy and all other documented quality processes and procedures.
2. Exercise discretion, judgment, confidentiality, professionalism, and tact in dealing with all issues.
3. Administer AAP/EEO requirements/recordkeeping compliance.
4. Recruit qualified candidates to fill open positions in a timely manner using web-based recruiting technology (including applicant tracking systems) and through a variety of resources including job fairs, open houses, social media, networking, and other methods.
5. Qualify candidates through interviews, applicant testing, and background checks necessary to comply with regulated industry standards.
6. Coordinate and process HR-related forms such as new hire paperwork, drug and pre-employment background screening and status changes. May assist with activities that could affect the Quality System, such as administration of quality documents.
7. Cultivate a steady pipeline of qualified candidates for ongoing needs.
8. Extend and negotiate offers and facilitate relocation process as needed.
9. Serve as primary college relations liaison to maintain internship program.
10. Service as primary contact to external contract/temporary agencies to ensure timely fulfillment of temporary/contract requests.
11. Administer and conduct Associate new hire orientation, Associate policy introduction and education, and general procedures utilized at the plant.
12. Perform other duties as assigned.

Requires a four-year college degree and a minimum of three years of recruiting experience. Advanced computer software skills, i.e. Microsoft office
Terumo Cardiovascular is an equal opportunity employer. We promote recognition and respect for individual and cultural differences, and we work to make our employees feel valued and appreciated, whatever their race, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, and genetic information.
EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans"
115	5 days ago	C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc.	Benefits Analyst - Remote	"About Our Company
C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc. , based in Keene, NH, is the largest wholesale grocery supply company in the U.S. and the industry leader in supply chain innovation. Founded in 1918 as a supplier to independent grocery stores, C&S now services customers of all sizes, supplying more than 6,000 independent supermarkets, chain stores, military bases, and institutions with over 150,000 different products. At C&S, We Select the Best® – those with the motivation, pride, and drive to succeed in our fast-paced world.


Working Safely is a Condition of Employment at C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc. C&S Wholesale Grocers is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

Position Overview
The Benefits Analyst will assist with the administration of the health and welfare plans as well as retirement plans with a focus on data analytics, Workday experience, and data systems. This position will be responsible for responding to employee questions, resolve welfare claim issues and issues regarding employees deductions for retirement. Ensure compliance with state mandated health care reform laws and regulatory IRS guidelines. Handle billing process for the various H&W vendors, conduct new employee benefit orientations and assist with wellness initiatives. The position will provide data analytics for both retirement as well as Welfare Plans, as needed identify trends in each benefit space to assist with employee education.
Job Description
Description
Assist the Sr. Benefits Administrator in responding to employee and facility HR representatives' benefit inquiries, claim issue resolution, Benefit Summary and Summary Plan Description review.
Ensure compliance with state mandated health care reform (currently Vermont and Massachusetts). Conduct periodic (weekly – annual) employee mailings of required employee forms, partner with Tax Department for timely completion of the quarterly and annual company filings, etc.
Ensure compliance with all IRS regulatory guidelines on the various benefits.
Audit and submit billing requests for all medical plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, Hartford (life & disability), TALX (unemployment benefits & employment verifications) and United Healthcare (EAP).
Assemble hourly and salary benefit, disability and new hire packets.
Conduct benefit orientations for new hourly and salaried (non-executive) employees.
Assist the Sr. Benefits Administrator with various wellness initiatives.
Generate and provide benefits analytics on the various benefits.
Identify trends through data to educate employees or internal partners.
Travel Required: No
Environment
Office : Office Temperature (65F to 75F)
Skills
Specialized Knowledge : Knowledge of health, welfare, benefits and retirement concepts/fundamentals;
Special Skills : Advanced Microsoft Excel skills; Strong analytical skills; Strong communication (verbal and written) skills; High attention to detail; Ability to maintain sensitive/confidential information, and experience with Workday a plus.
Years Of Experience
2-5 : years of related work experience
Qualifications
Associate Degree - General Studies, Certified Benefits Professional (CBP) - Other
Shift
1st Shift (United States of America)
Company
C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc."
116	9 days ago	WW International	REMOTE - Talent Acquisition Partner (Temporary)	"WW is looking for candidates to help change people’s lives. We are a global wellness technology company inspiring millions of people to adopt healthy habits for real life. We do this through engaging digital experiences, face-to-face workshops and sustainable programs that encourage people to move more, shift their mindset and eat healthier while enjoying the foods they love. By drawing on over five decades of experience and expertise in behavioral science, we build communities in order to deliver wellness for all.
Role Overview:
The Talent Acquisition Partner is responsible for full-cycle recruitment and driving recruiting success throughout the WW US Studio Team. This will be achieved through providing quality end-to-end high volume, multi-location recruitment support to field leaders. You will have the opportunity to hire talent that works directly with our members by filling open Studio Team Member roles in the assigned Region with high caliber talent. You must be able to work independently but also build relationships and strong communications with hiring managers. You must be strategic as well as tactical to identify talent and move them through the recruitment process while always providing exceptional candidate experience. This opportunity is a temporary position. You can live anywhere and work 100% remotely. This is a tremendous opportunity to make an immediate impact and take your career to the next level.
Key Responsibilities:
Manage end to end recruitment process in a high volume recruiting environment supporting multi-location field structure
Candidate flow management in Workday (ATS) including; reviewing, screening, scheduling interviews, background checks and offer stage management
Provide a consistent and positive candidate experience throughout the entire recruiting process with proactive communication and engagement
Demonstrate the ability to keenly identify motivation and potential within talent and match to current and future openings
Leverage in-market networks, community relationships, social media and other methods to attract top talent and build a talent pipeline
Thoroughly vet candidates and make recommendations to diminish time from screen to offer
Evaluate sourcing effectiveness and explore innovative candidate sourcing channels
Provides recommendations and tools for localized employment events, such as job fairs and targeted advertising campaigns
Continually seek out process improvements and identify ways to enhance hiring manager and candidate experience
Participates in special projects, as needed
Requirements:
Ability to prioritize shifting demands in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with track record of building positive relationships
Minimum of 3+ years successful recruiting experience, preferably in the retail industry
Demonstrated knowledge of hiring techniques required to source candidates via Indeed and LinkedIn
Ability to utilize Workday (Applicant Tracking System) to identify and track candidates is strongly desired
At WW, it is our priority to cultivate a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are committed as individuals, as an organization, and as fellow humans, to advocate for and support our employees, our members, and our communities. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability."
117	30+ days ago	Harley-Davidson	Recruiter/Talent Generalist - Industrial & Contingent Labor (open to remote work)	"Auto req ID: 9429
Title: Recruiter/Talent Generalist - Industrial & Contingent Labor (open to remote work)
Job Function: Human Resources
Company: Harley-Davidson Motor Company
Full or Part-Time: Full Time
Shift: SHIFT1
At Harley-Davidson, we are building more than machines. It’s our passion and commitment to continue the evolution of this storied brand, and heighten the desirability of the Harley-Davidson experience. To keep building our legend and leading our industry through innovation, evolution, and emotion we need the best and brightest talent. We stand for the timeless pursuit of adventure. Freedom for the soul. Are you ready to join us?
The Harley-Davidson Motor Company Corporate Headquarters in Milwaukee, WI is the site where the first H-D factory - a wooden shed - was built in 1903 in the backyard of the William C. Davidson family home. Join our team as a Recruiter/Talent Generalist - Industrial & Contingent Labor (open to remote work).
Job Summary & Job Responsibilities
We are looking for a Talent Generalist to help lead the program management of our contingent labor program and recruiting of industrial labor at our U.S. facilities.
This is what you’ll do:
Partner with the staffing supply chain to ensure fulfillment of contingent openings in a timely manner with quality candidates.
Manage and build relationships with the staffing suppliers by communicating with and training suppliers as new processes/procedures are rolled out.
Interact with plant leadership and hiring managers to understand staffing needs and ensure we are meeting their needs.
Full lifecycle recruiting of industrial labor for our union workforce.
Leverage SuccessFactors and other tools to effectively track and manage candidates for industrial positions.
Leverage Fieldglass to manage the contingent worker lifecycle (sourcing, recruitment, onboarding and offboarding).
Engage with stakeholders as needed for day to day issues or concerns.
Education Requirements
Bachelor's Degree Preferred
Experience Requirements
3 years of relevant experience within Talent Acquisition, Staffing Supplier Management, or Human Resources and can demonstrate the following:
Ability to work across various levels of the organization and build collaborative relationships with internal partners including union leadership.
Experience managing relationships (business facing & external facing).
Experience using Fieldglass or another related vendor management system (VMS); and, SuccessFactors or another applicant tracking system (ATS).
Strong organizational skills while working on multiple tasks.
Ability to think holistically about processes, programs and tools – as well as identify opportunities for process improvements.
Ability to negotiate and influence within a collaborative framework.
Initiative to analyze and resolve problems quickly, efficiently and collaboratively.
Knowledge of appropriate procedures for handling sensitive and confidential information.
We offer an inclusive compensation package for all full-time salaried employees including, but not limited to, annual bonus programs, health insurance benefits, a 401k program, onsite fitness centers and employee stores, employee discounts on products and accessories, and more. We welcome everybody to join our family and be united no matter who you are or where you come from. Learn more about Harley-Davidson here.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.
Direct Reports: No
Travel Required: 0 - 10%
Visa Sponsorship: This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship
Relocation: This position is not eligible for relocation assistance"
118	20 days ago	ProMedica	HRIS Reporting Analyst - HR Information Services - REMOTE	"Position Summary
Responsible for providing complex data analysis and summary reports to support management and executive decision making. Develops and implements methodologies and procedures for the HRIS team. Conscientiously follows those methodologies and procedures. Demonstrates expert knowledge with technologies relevant to the applications being developed within the HR products. Responsible for development, timely implementation and overall quality of the analysis and reports assigned to the HRIS team. Interacts with various levels of the organization and end users to ensure the products provided will meet or exceed the business requirements in the most cost effective and efficient manner. Demonstrates knowledge and skills necessary to proactively define and resolve issues that impact operations of relevant departments and business units. As part of the HRIS team, this position may need to be flexible in schedule to assist others if needed in ensuring all products promoted into the production environment are working in accordance with expectations. Continually improves personal, functional and business skills in order to provide optimal service to HRIS customers.

Accountabilities
1. Analyzes and implements effective and appropriate reporting tools, standards and methodologies to ensure the integrity, consistency, security, qualify and performance. Uses independent discretion to determine when additional queries or reports need to be developed to maximize the system’s effectiveness and business needs.
2. Demonstrates thorough subject matter expertise and knowledge of HRIS software products, business processes, third party business applications and standard reporting tools, independently creating prototype HR metrics and other complex analytical reports as required, enhancing the quality, accuracy and efficiency of reporting.
3. Recommends new software tools and ways of using software tools to improve workflow, eliminate labor-intensive and time-consuming tasks and to increase quality output.
4. Continually monitors and evaluates business information requirements; designs report and delivery systems to meet those requirements. Performs validation and testing to confirm the accuracy of information/reports created.
5. Demonstrates effective technical, business and documentation skills, providing effective verbal and written communication. Maintains complete and current documentation for HRIS reporting applications and processes. Assists with creating end user software training guides.
6. Develops relationships and strong lines of communication with various business groups across the organization to foster a better understanding of the factors that influence the business areas they have responsibility for.
7. Works collaboratively with the HRIS team, payroll, IT and other departments and end users to provide data analysis as required for decision support and business needs.
8. Maintains confidentiality and security of HRIS data.

Education: Bachelor’s Degree in HR, Business, IT, or other related field with two years of professional experience required or Associates degree with three to five years of professional experience or five to seven years of professional experience.
Skills: Must possess working knowledge of various computer software packages and technologies (i.e. ERP Applications, relational databases, reporting tools such as Crystal, Microsoft Office and Access); critical thinking skills to analyze data and solve issues. Strong project management skills.
Years of Experience: 6 years

Preferred Qualifications
Skills: Knowledge of SQL

Working Conditions
Physical Demands: Work is primarily sedentary in nature; Sitting, talking, reaching, handling, fingering, hearing, near visual acuity.

ProMedica is a mission-based, not-for-profit integrated healthcare organization headquartered in Toledo, Ohio. For more information, please visit www.promedica.org/about-promedica
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex/gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, age, physical or mental disability, military or protected veteran status, citizenship, familial or marital status, genetics, or any other legally protected category. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendment Act (ADAAA), if you have a disability and would like to request an accommodation in order to apply for a job with ProMedica, please contact employment@promedica.org
Equal Opportunity Employer/Drug-Free Workplace"
119	12 days ago	DeliverHealth	EHR Recruiter	"Overview:

DeliverHealth Solutions, we simplify telling your patient’s story. We’re looking for bold, innovative people who appreciate the opportunity to work together and simplify the complexities of the work lives of our customers.
If you’re ready for a role that energizes you, then we should get to know each other. DeliverHealth’s culture is built on authenticity – we encourage trust and we value smart mistakes. Here, you can expect an open and honest work environment that fosters career growth.
DeliverHealth Solutions celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or DHS policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call 937-319-4458 and let us know.
Responsibilities:

What will you do as DHS’s EHR Recruiter?
Responsible for making connections and developing relationships with professionals possessing the necessary EHR experience and qualifications - who may be a good fit for consulting engagements with DHS’s healthcare provider clients nationwide.Expected to source qualified EHR consultants on a weekly basis.Accurately qualify the candidates, negotiate a rate, and secure the candidate’s commitment to take the assignment.Maintain and further develop relationships with the EHR consultants to build a long lasting commitment to DHS.Responsibilities include: Sourcing candidates; Qualifying candidates; Negotiating pay rates; Consultant sign-up; Client/manager facilitation; Consultant relationship-building; Database maintenance
Qualifications:
At least 2 years’ experience in a healthcare recruiting capacity.Experience in staffing industry.No existing non-compete agreements in place with current employer which would prohibit working for a company currently recruiting consultants to support EHR build, deployment, etc.Exceptional communication and organization skills.Attention to detail orientation the ability to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment.Basic understanding of various technologies and IT verbiage including general EMR terminology and Epic specific terminology.Strong work ethic – results focused with a strong desire to achieve. Ability to thrive in fast paced environment.Able to accommodate demanding hours of prospect access and availability. Willingness to work overtime hours at peak times.Ability to utilize tools and resources in an effective manner including prior experience with applicant tracking system(s), understanding of MS Office, Teams and ExcelAbility to grasp the standards of the DHS brand and operate consistent with DHS business objectives, demands for profitability, and DHS recruiting strategyKeen personal assessment skills with the ability to accurately evaluate professional qualifications, work experience, personal characteristics and cultural “fit” for DHS"
