	postdate	company	title	description
0	13 days ago	Amazon.com Services LLC	Principal, Employee Relations	"10+ years of relevant experience.

Bachelor’s degree required.
Employee and labor relations subject matter expertise.

Experience working with multi country cultures


Experience in both union and non-union environments.
Foundational understanding of labor and employment laws.
Skilled in MS Excel, Word, SharePoint & PowerPoint; curious about new learning technologies.

Amazon’s Operations Employee Relations (ER) team is looking for a Principal, Employee Relations with a demonstrated passion for building and sustaining positive, engaged work environments for associates and leaders, significant employee and labor relations subject matter expertise and proven success as a leader of people. The Employee Relations team is responsible for reducing risk to the business by creating and executing programs to develop the next generation of high-performing, associate-centric frontline leaders. The Principal, Employee Relations will play a vital role in advancing our mission. The Employee Relations is a tight-knit team of ER professionals, including former HR, operational and legal leaders. We are passionate about improving our leaders’ skill sets in associate engagement across the organization.

We are seeking L7 ER Principal to support the Americas region (North/South America, South Africa and Philippines) of Customer Service Operations which contains both a brick and mortar and virtual workforce. The individual must have a demonstrated ability to collaborate with and influence Operations directors, managers, and human resources; to analyze multiple levels of associate/manager feedback to identify risks and gaps; to create, audit, and sustain positive workplace relations programs; and to design and conduct positive workplace relations training that drives best practices. The Principal also will work reactively on crisis-oriented situations, traveling as necessary that typically can only be successfully addressed under severe time constraints. The Principal should be capable of creating and executing a strategy across the region that supports operational goals and objectives. Individual must have an ability to detect, and address the hidden risk that are created with a virtual population and work to adopt strong engagement plans to mitigate. The ability to dive deep into process and data is important, but equally essential is the ability to communicate effectively and authentically with senior Ops/HR leaders, frontline managers and associates.

Juris Doctor, advanced degree, or other specialized training in labor/employee relations a significant plus.

Previous people leadership/management experience
Previous operations experience
Ability to quickly connect with people across a wide variety of cultural and socio-economic backgrounds
Demonstrated passion for building positive, engaged work environments for employees and leaders.
Successful record of creating, improving and executing programs at scale, ability to drive and measure program effectiveness and high levels of customer satisfaction.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail, able to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously while delivering on commitments.
Foundational understanding of labor and employment laws.
Skilled in MS Excel, Word, SharePoint & PowerPoint; curious about new learning technologies.
Outstanding communication skills, specifically in written form and presentation and public speaking skills.
Ability to convey ideas and recommendations in a clear, compelling and succinct way in written and verbal communications; can facilitate action and commitment across in-person and remote groups of stakeholders and peer.
Strong team, interpersonal and persuasion skills, enabling individual to establish influential partnerships working with peers, senior leaders and across organizational lines.
Experience identifying and resolving complex issues, assumes leadership roles in unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances - solid sense of accountability, high-quality judgment and sound decision-making.
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment, flexible, able to change direction quickly and in leading through both ambiguity and constant change
Ability to handle confidential information and escalate issues when appropriate.
Strong bias for action, ability to independently deliver results while working remotely with limited direction.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

More Info on Inside Amazon

The pay range for this position in Colorado is $103,800,000.00 - 160,000.00 per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site."
1	15 days ago	Washington Technology Industry Associati	VP, Human Resources	"WTIA Shared Services
VP Human Resources
The Washington Technology Industry Association (WTIA) is a non-profit trade association that combines the power of member companies to solve problems they cannot easily solve alone. Our mission is to build a strong technology sector in a thriving community.
Toward that end, WTIA has built an amazing operation of nearly 75 full and part-time employees, many of whom live and work in the Seattle area and the rest operate in 7 other states. We are a fusion of three business units – a 501 (c)(6) member trade association with more than 1000 member companies, a 501 (c)(6) tech apprenticeship operating in more than a dozen states, and a for-profit subsidiary that delivers healthcare, 401K, and other services to more than 500 companies.
We’ve grown quickly over the past few years and anticipate significant growth and change in the years ahead. While we have successfully cobbled together solid recruiting, built a talented team, and are proud to have nearly zero voluntary turnover, our complexity has increased. Our recent decision to operate as a remote-first organization has added to that complexity. We now find ourselves overdue to add a strategic HR professional to our leadership team.
VP Human Resources
The VP Human Resources (VP) is an exciting and challenging new position for a hands-on HR leader with substantive experience as a senior generalist in a complex and fast-growing organization. The VP reports to the CEO and serves as a member of the senior leadership team helping drive the talent strategy for all WTIA business units including WTIA Trade Association, WTIA Workforce Institute (aka Apprenti), and HR Benefits INC (wholly owned subsidiary or WTIA Trade Association).
The VP will partner with the CEO, senior leadership team, and board officers to help us attract, engage, and develop the talent needed to achieve our mission. Each business unit has specific needs, but they’re all rooted in culture with shared core values.
Our Core Values
We care deeply about our deliverables. We are intellectually curious, always learning or improving skills to ensure that what we deliver in our daily work is the very best it can be.
We are entrepreneurial. We have the courage to build a better future for ourselves, our organization, and our community. We take risks and learn from our failures. We know that challenging our assumptions is necessary to capture opportunity.
We are servant leaders. We endeavor to help each other, our members, partners, and stakeholders get what they need, when they need it. In every moment, we ask, ""how can I help?"" and then we are responsive, nimble, and make a good effort to achieve the outcome.
We are radically transparent. We work diligently to remove barriers to organizational information and openly share the development of policies and processes with each other. We speak and act with integrity, even though it may result in conflict.
 We actively embrace diversity. We methodically eliminate bias in every aspect of our company. We advocate for women, Black, Latino/x, and other underrepresented populations in tech into every level of the organization including our boards, leadership, employees, and contractors.
Essential Job Functions
Evaluate, optimize, and lead HR functions, including organizational design, talent acquisition, total rewards design and oversight, on and off-boarding, employee relations, and internal organizational communication.
Design and implement employee programs that enhance the work experience and elevate productivity.
Provide consultation and coaching to leaders and managers on people matters.
Embed and nurture practices, training, and policies that support our commitment to diversity and inclusion.
Monitor, measure, and report workforce engagement & sentiment (e.g. Employee NPS, PTO hours used, DEI metrics, living up to core values, etc.) across the employee lifecycle. Establish internal and external benchmarks; and recommend instrumentation.
Support legal and regulatory compliance in our HR practices.
Initially, serve as HRIS administrator “player-coach” and manage others as we grow the HR function.
Recommend simplified infrastructure for effective employee program adoption, setting strategy and groundwork for the change process.
Facilitate organizational change initiatives.
Hire and manage staff performing HR coordination and generalist tasks.
Attend and actively participate in WTIA senior leadership meetings and support WTIA entity/subsidiary boards (currently there are three) as required.
Ideal Education, Experience, and Competencies
Bachelor’s degree or higher plus at least 10 years leadership experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong Director-level HR business partner background, with business acumen and a mission focus.
Collaborative, approachable, consultative - able to professionally and effectively interact with a diverse blend of personalities and styles.
High level of integrity and trustworthiness - maintains confidentiality and privacy, admits mistakes, and meets commitments.
Composure – behaves in a manner that aligns with our core values, actively uses de-escalation and situational awareness, understands the influence this role carries, and embraces ambiguity.
Conflict management – reads situations quickly, listens to others’ perspectives, can mediate and settle disputes equitably, finds common ground and gains cooperation.
Analytical skills - able to visualize, articulate, conceptualize or solve both complex and uncomplicated problems by making decisions that are sensible given the available information.
Intellectual curiosity – goes beyond status quo to seek information, solutions, and resources; intellectually sharp, agile, and courageous.
Other Important Information about this Position
We are a remote-first operation. This means your laptop and cell phone is your office. We provide you both devices. Most, if not all, meetings are held via zoom or phone. The primary efforts of this position are focused on employees and operations in Washington state. There are, however, many employees spread from Boston to San Francisco.
Once most of the country enters Phase 4 of COVID-19 (perhaps in late 2021 or early 2022) we will begin holding periodic in-person meetings for teams and perhaps once a year for the entire company. This means that up to 20% travel in any given month may be required to meet on-site with employees.
We offer a comprehensive and generous benefits package, self-managed time off, a talented team of colleagues, and opportunities to embrace challenging, creative and rewarding work.
Equal employment opportunity is a fundamental principle at the WTIA. We are committed to a work environment in which relationships are characterized by dignity, courtesy and respect. We are committed to nondiscrimination in all business operations."
2	30+ days ago	GoodRx	Senior Recruiter - Creative	"At GoodRx, we believe that all Americans should have access to convenient and affordable healthcare. As a nation, we spend about $3.5 trillion annually on our healthcare, but too many Americans struggle to get the care they need, and prices just keep rising. Our marketplaces for prescription medicines and telehealth have helped Americans save $30 billion since 2011. GoodRx is a public company; we're based in Santa Monica with additional offices around the country. We're a low-key and tight-knit group that likes to find new ways to fix big problems. If you share our belief that you can do well by doing good, let's talk.
We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company and industry. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of the best and brightest from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunities to excel.
With that said, research shows that women and other underrepresented groups apply only if they meet 100% of the criteria. GoodRx is committed to leveling the playing field, and we encourage women, people of color, and those in the LGBTQ+ communities to apply for positions even if they don’t necessarily check every box outlined in the job description. Please still get in touch – we’d love to connect and see if you could be good for the role!
The GoodRx Talent Aqucitision team is looking for a Senior Recruiter to help us find talented, UIUX Designers and Creative Directors to achieve our mission in accessible and affordable healthcare for all. The ideal candidate is someone who has a proven track record of successfully sourcing and closing technical candidates, has a data-driven approach, builds trust with key stakeholders, and is a humble collaborator with leaders and peers. This candidate also thrives in a fast-paced environment, is willing to roll up their sleeves, and is fiercely passionate about our mission.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for full life cycle recruiting, engaging with candidates from the screening phase through offer negotiation
Attract applicants by writing compelling job descriptions and post jobs advertisements across various job boards and social media channels
Actively source qualified candidates using internet databases, social media, and employee referrals
Ability to recommend and execute ideas, strategies, and initiatives across the recruiting team and organizations
Act as a Strategic Business Partner to Hiring Managers on developing recruiting strategies, reporting on recruiting metrics, and driving continuous improvement
Conduct prescreening interviews and coordinate phone and onsite interviews acting as the liaison between candidate and staff at all stages of the process
Lead key recruiting initiatives from diversity and inclusion, employee branding and other programs
Partner closely with IT and HR for onboarding new employees and establishing best practices
Strong analytical skills and ability to identify key metrics to be able to measure and scale
Skills and Qualifications:
The ideal candidate will have 5+ years of experience recruiting UX Design, UX Researcher, and Marketing talent in competitive markets at all levels
Deep understanding of the Creative/UI/UX industry and market trends
Solid understanding of how to recruit multiple disparate positions simultaneously
Tact, discretion, and sensitivity when dealing with confidential information
Sound judgment and able to anticipate needs and problems Highly organized, detail-oriented and analytical
Ability to work independently as all as interact and communicate with all organizational levels
Compensation for this role ranges from $125,000 - $140,000 plus bonus, equity, and competitive benefits.

GoodRx is America's healthcare marketplace. The company offers the most comprehensive and accurate resource for affordable prescription medications in the U.S., gathering pricing information from thousands of pharmacies coast to coast, as well as a telehealth marketplace for online doctor visits and lab tests. Since 2011, Americans with and without health insurance have saved $30 billion using GoodRx and 20 million consumers visit goodrx.com each month to find discounts and information related to their healthcare. GoodRx is the #1 most downloaded medical app on the iOS and Android app stores. For more information, visit www.goodrx.com."
3	1 day ago	kraken	Strategic HR Business Partner	"About Kraken
Kraken is changing the world. Join the revolution!
Our mission is to accelerate the adoption of cryptocurrency so that you and the rest of the world can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. Founded in 2011 and with over 4 million clients, Kraken is one of the world’s largest, most successful bitcoin exchanges and we are growing faster than ever. Our range of successful products are playing an important role in the mainstream adoption of crypto assets. We attract people who constantly push themselves to think differently and chart exciting new paths in a rapidly growing industry. Kraken is a diverse group of dreamers and doers who see value in being radically transparent.
In our first decade Kraken has risen to become one of the best and most respected crypto exchanges in the world. We are changing the way the world thinks about money and finance. The crypto industry is experiencing unprecedented growth and Kraken is leading the charge. We’ve grown from 70 Krakenites in January 2017 to over 1800 today and we have no intention of slowing down.
About the Role:
We are expanding our team of HR professionals! Your role is to provide strategic and expert advice, guidance and support to leaders across the company.
The ideal candidate is a Senior HR professional who is resourceful, enthusiastic, excited to join a dynamic organization where anything is possible and much is still being built.


Responsibilities:
Partner with executive leadership and department heads to set a vision and strategy for People Operations.
Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.
Provides guidance and input on business unit restructures, workforce planning and succession planning.
Identifies training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.
Participates in evaluation and monitoring of training programs to ensure success. Follows up to ensure training objectives are met.
Drive the talent strategy agenda across multiple lines of business and keeping the voice of the employee base in mind.
Lead initiatives to define our team’s key objectives (alongside the business) and create frameworks for team members to set goals that align with those objectives and identify measurable results.
Partner closely with centers-of-excellence (i.e. Recruiting, Total Rewards, Organizational Effectiveness, Diversity and Inclusion). Meet on a recurring basis to understand needs, prioritize the employee enhancement, uncover opportunities for improvement.
Serve as an executive coach and mentor across the organization
Lead a high performing People Strategy team across multiple disciplines.
Requirements:
Minimum of 8+ years experience and 3+ years of management experience of senior leaders at a fast paced, high growth stage company.
Understanding of the human capital landscape and familiarity with existing and emergent concepts or ideas
Strong detailed and conceptual thinking skills to analyze sophisticated problems and propose solutions despite technical and operational constraints
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an eye for detail and accuracy; ability to do root cause analysis to guide decisions and action plans where limited foundational/framework exists
Demonstrated understanding of HR programs and processes (e.g., Compensation, Performance Management)
Significant project management experience related to implementation of new, complex programs, systems and/or processes
Superb communication skills, with ability to communicate clearly with both technical and functional audience
Workday experience strongly preferred
Experience working in a remote, globally distributed team in a fast-paced high-growth environment strongly preferred
Passion for cryptocurrency adoption and personal experience with crypto strongly preferred
We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique backgrounds and experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives."
4	21 days ago	Allstate	HR-Talent Sourcing Senior Consultant (Remote Home Based Worker)	"The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.
Job Summary
The Sourcing Senior Consultant II manages roles that are very difficult to fill, and a significant amount of time is required in the development of sourcing and recruiting strategies. This high-visibility role develops, directs, plans, and evaluates the external and internal recruitment activities to satisfy the organization's employee staffing requirements. They direct all steps of the sourcing function including the talent strategy, candidate outreach approach, marketing, and client relationship. They possess in-depth knowledge and experience in client business area and industry trends.
Key Responsibilities:
Development and implementation of line-of-business sourcing strategies; provide creative solutions to satisfy the candidate pipeline requirements
Partners with other segments of talent acquisition during intake sessions, quarterly updates to the client, and implementing new tools and processes paramount to the success of the organization
Lead consulting services to client as it relates to the labor market; serve as a primary source of staffing and recruitment strategy advice, consultation, and education
Lead productive relationships with HR Client Partners, hiring managers and senior leaders/directors
Builds, maintains, and sustains deep knowledge and understanding of client specific business goals and strategies
Ability to anticipate business needs and adjust sourcing strategies on a regular basis; subject matter expert on industry-recognized sourcing best practices and competitor intelligence
Builds succession of candidates for future full-time hires for difficult job searches
Influence and advise the talent acquisition function on new and alternative methods of achieving operational excellence; serve as a subject-matter expert on large-scale projects aimed at improving the deliverables of the organization

Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job does not have supervisory duties.
Preferred Qualifications:
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience
3 or more years of related experience
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Certifications in recruitment, human resources, or recruitment marketing
Functional Skills
Advanced client relationship skills with the ability to communicate proactively and consistently with clients and business area leaders at all levels across the enterprise
Navigates relationships with numerous clients to drive consensus and decision making through the utilization of strong analytical, organizational, consultative and communication skills
Considered a SME in client and functional area and considered a resource for less experienced team members; team member on project teams as an SME
Expected to influence organizational-level conversations around talent attraction and the labor market
The ability to coach & mentor team members on TA capabilities, tools, and resources available
Utilizes data to inform opportunity areas for the client/organization and seek out alternative methods of actions
Compensation Data
Compensation range for this position is $70,000 - $90,000 per year, based on experience and qualifications.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.
As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment."
5	2 days ago	LTS	Sr. HR Generalist -COVID project	"Sr. HR Generalist -COVID project

Job Summary:
LTS is seeking a Sr. Human Resources Generalist to join our team. You will be a trusted advisor to our project leaders to partner and strengthen their teams. You will also support our employees as an advocate. A background and experience in a healthcare setting is required for consideration.
This is a full-time position reporting to the HR Director.
This is a 100% remote position.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Work with the HR team to assist in developing and implementing strategies and processes.
Work with project managers to track all COVID absences.
Tracking and manage ACA eligibility for COVID project staff.
Serve as primary contact for employees in your practice area.
Responds to and follows up on claims with outside agencies.
Performs routine tasks including but not limited to disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; occupational health and safety; and training and development.
Handles employment-related inquiries from employees, and supervisors, referring complex and/or sensitive matters to the appropriate staff.
Conducts thorough and complete investigations, including documentation and recommendations. Experience in Employee Relations is a must.
Attends and participates in employee disciplinary meetings, terminations, and investigations.
Provide support and guidance to other staff when complex, specialized and sensitive questions and issues arise.
Maintains compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, and recommended best practices; reviews policies and practices to maintain compliance.
Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law.
Conduct compliance audits in the areas of wage/hour, workers’ compensation, employment practices, state/federal health and safety, with emphasis on ensuring all practices conforms to local state and federal laws and regulations when required.
Will assist with creating policies and procedures with COVID/HR team for this project.
Create/prepare reports and analysis using ADP WFN and other software as required. Compile statistical data and assist with special projects.
Will work with other agencies to coordinate personnel and training, scheduling items and more.
Will be a POC for third party agencies for employee issues etc.
Will assist with creating job descriptions and must have knowledge and experience in healthcare regarding certification and credentialing requirements.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Required Skills/Abilities:
Must have experience in Employee relations.
Must have experience with staffing agencies as Joint Employer.
Experience with 3rd party staffing contracts strongly preferred.
Must be able to work as part of a team and collaborate with others
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, interpersonal, and conflict resolution skills.
Strong time management skills and ability to prioritize tasks.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to act with integrity, professionalism, and confidentiality.
Thorough knowledge of employment-related laws and regulations.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or related software.
Proficiency with or the ability to quickly learn the organization’s HRIS and talent management systems.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related field required.
minimum 5 -7 years of human resource management experience as a generalist
experience with OSHA preferred.
Intermediate to advanced knowledge of federal, state and local wage and labor laws. Workers Compensation, OSHA, PDL, FMLA, CFRA, ADA and FFCRA
OSHA experience is preferred (preferably in health care environment)
Must be flexible with work schedule as needed, to include some weekends and evenings during surge/high volume times.
Must be able to work in a fast-paced fluid environment
PHR or SHRM-CP certification a plus.

Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.

LTS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law."
6	15 days ago	W. L. Gore & Associates	HR Strategic Business Partner - Remote	"Job
: Human Resources
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Arizona-Flagstaff
Other Locations
: North America-United States-Arizona-Phoenix
Travel% : 30%
Shift
: Day
Schedule
: Full-time
HR Strategic Business Partner - Remote - 211451
About Us: Gore is a materials science company focused on improving lives through discovery, product innovation and rewarding careers for our Associates.
About the Industry: Saving lives and improving the quality of life for patients is at the core of everything we do. This meaningful work gives purpose to our lives and inspires us to create solutions that make a difference in the lives of others. Learn more at gore.com/products/industries
About the Role: We are looking for a Human Resources Strategic Business Partner to join our Medical Products Division. The ideal location of this position is either Phoenix or Flagstaff, Arizona, but the teams you support may be global. We are open to remote work, with the understanding that most of the teams you support will be in US West and it could require increased travel if you are not located in Arizona. In your role as HR Strategic Business Partner, you will act as a resource and partner to a key business or functional leadership team, establishing a high trust relationship with the global leadership team, working with and influencing leaders, teams and associates on a wide range of Business and HR topics in order to drive success and fulfill our brand promise of Together, improving life. This role may be aligned with functional or business teams, with some capacity assumed for project work.
Responsibilities:
Translate business strategies into people and organizational priorities; lead the discussion with the business leadership teams in applying and aligning people and organizational priorities with organization vision and execution, to achieve the business goals
Collaborate with business leaders to interpret business needs and people priorities; champion the design and/or integration of the holistic organizational plan (i.e., talent, structure, culture, process).
Work closely with the global leadership team and HR talent managers to develop and deliver on talent initiatives within the business or function
Identify the need for change and lead the implementation and adaption to new or changing structures (leadership or organizational), or programs (e.g., training, talent movement)
Influence, educate and coach broad leadership regarding team effectiveness, change management, and leadership capabilities
Partner with HR Services and Centers of Excellence (compensation, talent management, talent acquisition, etc.) to ensure that HR programs and processes are aligned with the business needs and are well-executed
Take on high-impact project work in support of HR functional and Enterprise business needs
Learn and model our unique Enterprise culture as a source of competitive advantage
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree, preferably in HR or relevant discipline (e.g. psychology)
Minimum 10 years of experience in a business-facing HR role, with specific experience in strategy design and deployment, organizational design, integrated talent management, and organization change management in complex business environments
Experience working with broad leadership in an “influence-without-authority” role
Independent work style, balancing the need for collaboration with minimal supervision
Demonstrated ability to work in and manage ambiguity – working through situations that do not always have an existing solution in place
Demonstrated ability to think strategically related to Business Plan implementation
Ability to establish credibility (garners respect, acts with integrity, keeps commitments); proactive (has a point of view, challenges assumptions, takes initiative); and a trusted thought-partner (builds relationships, delivers results)
Ability to travel up to 30%, including some international (possibly higher if not located in Arizona)
What We Offer: At Gore, we offer comprehensive, competitive rewards in the form of compensation and benefits. Among these are work-life balance and sports programs, 401(k) Plan with a gift, Associate Stock Ownership Plan, health & well-being program with full health plan, and a flexible working program. Within Gore, you will find a unique culture, diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, and opportunities for growth and development. Learn more at gore.com/careers
We believe in the strength of a diverse workforce and inclusive work environment. In support of our values and continued success we are proud of Associates around the world who support an inclusive work environment, strive to reflect the diversity of the communities where we operate, and ensure all Associates and external partners are treated with fairness, dignity and respect.
Gore is committed to a drug-free workplace. All employment is contingent upon successful completion of drug and background screening.
Gore requires all applicants to be eligible to work within the U.S. Gore generally will not sponsor visas unless otherwise noted on the position description.
Gore is a M/F, Disabled and Vet EEO/AA employer. (Applies to all positions in the U.S.)
Our Talent Acquisition Team welcomes your questions at gore.com/careers /contac t
#LI-MSL"
7	30+ days ago	Pie Insurance	Sr. People Partner	"Pie Insurance is an insurtech company tackling meaningful problems. At Pie, we work with small businesses using technology and innovation to improve how they access insurance. Like our small business clients, we are a diverse team of builders, dreamers, and entrepreneurs. So, at the heart of every decision we make is the idea that if it doesn’t serve our clients, it doesn’t serve us.
Today, Pie’s People and Talent teams are fully remote. Given our team’s hybrid office and distributed structure pre-pandemic, this incredibly collaborative team thrives in tight, constant communication no matter where we live and work. As a remote team member, you will be expected to be available for meetings with team members in other time zones and have access to reliable, high-speed internet.
When it is safe for our offices to re-open, this role will sit in our Denver office, supporting teams that are primarily Denver-based. This position will require some travel between Denver and DC and possibly to other locations.
How You'll Do It
Pie believes in the power of human potential. Hiring, developing, empowering, rewarding and retaining amazing talent is core to our ability to serve the small business community. You will have a direct and enormous impact on Pie’s ability to scale our people operations and, therefore, our business. As a Sr. People Partner, you will be a trusted partner to our VP of People and Talent and will work across the leadership team as we continue to grow and scale our teams in 2021. We are a start-up, so we also need you to be willing and able to balance running daily operations with special projects. All hands and minds are needed.
Success in this role will require influential partnership with leaders in Engineering, Product, and Customer Experience to execute people strategies that foster organizational effectiveness and business growth. The individual in this role must understand business priorities and translate them into a people-focused agenda that supports the business as it scales.
Whether It’s Right For You
We expect you’ll bring at least 9 years of working experience in the field of Human Resources, working toward a Senior level position. Having previous experience working in a high-growth, venture-backed startup would be ideal in this position. Of course, you’ll also need certain skills and abilities to do the work.
The Day-To-Day
Provide an outstanding experience for our team members and leaders throughout the team member lifecycle, from onboarding through offboarding, while also providing day-to-day support and coaching.
Develop strong knowledge and understanding of how our business works in order to support your leaders in building the teams they need to be effective. This includes developing high-trust, collaborative relationships with your business partners.
Work closely with the VP, People and Talent to develop, implement and continue to iterate on foundational people ops programs, including but not limited to performance engagement, manager and leadership training, compliance-driven processes, programs and training, DEI and any other programs or initiatives that meet Pie’s business needs.
Acting with urgency and proactively managing expectations when responding to inquiries and requests for assistance from leaders, team members, People and Talent team members, and our IT and Finance partners.
Leverage and grow organizational design and change management expertise in order to support the organization as it transforms to meet business needs in a highly dynamic environment.
Develop data-driven, growth-oriented and best practice-driven business cases for implementing new or updating existing new People and Talent tools, policies, processes and programs that will effectively support a rapidly scaling organization.
Developing and delivering people-driven training content to team members, leaders and within our own People team.
The Right Stuff
9 years of experience in people, HR, talent or business operations experience is preferred.
5 years of experience working in a HR Business Partner/People Partner or equivalent level role is highly desired.
Expertise in non-exempt wage laws and employee leave practices required.
Organizational Development. You understand and can see the bigger picture of how an organization fits together. You know how to develop strategies with the leaders you support by building and calibrating team and organizational design strategies that support our scaling business.
Strategic Partnership. Partner with hiring leaders to work alongside them and develop their organizational objectives, drive team member on-boarding, engagement and performance management to ensure objectives are met now and into the future
Planning. You are highly skilled in developing and executing on plans that are a part of a larger organizational strategy. As a Sr. People Partner, you will guide the business by executing on growth-oriented standards and working with them to achieve their objectives
Process Orientation. You enjoy finding the opportunities to create, automate and improve processes to ensure the best delivery of people services. You also think about the long-term goals and vision of the team to help see potential obstacles and proactively plan for solutions.
Data Driven: Acknowledgement of how a data driven approach can help us run our business more efficiently through the HR process. You bring new ideas on how to use data to establish people strategies that support the business needs.
Adaptability. You thrive when creating order from ambiguity and demonstrate experience successfully adapting to a dynamic environment where processes and priorities change quickly. You will also provide Pie team members and leaders with high touch support throughout their career at Pie.
Pie Perks
Competitive salary.
A piece of the Pie (in the form of stock options).
Comprehensive health plans.
Generous Paid sick leave.
Future focused 401k match.
Our core values are more than just a poster on the wall; they’re tangibly reflected in our work and recognized with our monthly culture award.
Generous parental leave
Our goal is to make all aspects of working with us as easy as Pie. That includes our offer process.
When we have identified talent that is a good fit for Pie, we work hard to present an equitable and fair offer. We look at your knowledge, skills and experience along with your compensation expectations and align that with our company equity processes to determine our offer ranges. We value and want to support our team members, and are proud to offer a comprehensive compensation package which includes the following:
Compensation Range for position: $110,000 - $143,000
Other Benefits: Each year Pie reviews Company performance and may grant discretionary bonuses to eligible team members.

Pie Insurance is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, disability, national or ethnic origin, military service status, citizenship, or other protected characteristic.
Pie Insurance participates in the E-Verify program. Please click here, here and here for more information.
Our Achievements
Pie Insurance raises an additional $118M in funding
Pie Insurance Named a Top Colorado Company 2020
Pie is rated Excellent by our customers on Trustpilot
Check out our great reviews from current and former employees on Glassdoor
Pie raises an additional $127M in funding"
8	2 days ago	Sacramento Children’s Home	Sr. Human Resources Generalist	POSITION SUMMARY: Under limited supervision, the Sr. Human Resources Generalist is responsible for compensation management, job description development, leave of absence administration, reasonable accommodations, safety and Cal/OSHA compliance, Workers’ Compensation and other duties. Advises Managers and staff on employment laws and SCH policies and procedures. This position reports to the Director of Human Resources and has no supervisory responsibility. This position works with extremely confidential and highly sensitive information and must maintain strict confidentiality.LOCATION:  2750 Sutterville Rd, Sacramento, CA 95820SCHEDULE: Monday – Friday, 8:30am – 5:00pmBENEFITS: Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life and accident insurance, short and long term disability plans, retirement plan with company match, paid vacation, sick leave, 10 paid holidays, tuition reimbursement and career development opportunities.ABOUT: Since 1867, the Sacramento Children’s Home has been committed to providing high quality care to the Sacramento region’s most vulnerable children and families. Our long history has positioned our agency at the forefront of caring for at-risk youth and helping to build strong families throughout our community, and today we are the preeminent provider of child and family services in the region. With a growing portfolio of programs and services focused on child abuse prevention, intervention, and mental health treatment, the Sacramento Children’s Home is among the most highly respected nonprofit workplaces in Northern California. We offer prospective employees a values-driven workplace, excellent benefits and outstanding career advancement opportunities, all while making a positive impact in your community.QUALIFICATIONS: A Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources and at least 8 years’ experience in a corporate Human Resources environment, demonstrating progressively increasing levels of responsibility involving principles, practices and techniques of Human Resources is required. The equivalent combination of education and Human Resources experience appropriate for the position may be considered. Human Resources experience must be from CA.Expert-level knowledge of federal, state (CA) and local employment laws related to compensation management, job description development, leave of absence administration, reasonable accommodation process, safety and Cal/OSHA compliance and Workers’ Compensation administration, and extensive experience in each of these areas of responsibility is required.PHR or SHRM-CP credential is highly desired. Additional specialized certifications/credentials related to these job functions is also preferred.Driving is an essential function of this job; will be required to furnish own vehicle to be used in the course of employment. A valid CA driver’s license and minimum insurance coverage is required.*Must be able to work remotely and at our physical location once we return to the work site.*Must be able to read, write, speak and understand the English language.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Strong analytical and linear problem-solving skills.Good mathematical skills and ability to use formulas accurately in Excel.Intermediate skill in MS Office, e-mail, Internet and HRMS (Paycom preferred).Ability to create and deliver management trainings in-person and virtually.Excellent organizational and time management skills; ability to work efficiently.Excellent attention to detail with the ability to maintain continuous focus for extended periods of time while performing all work accurately.Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment, to learn, retain information, multi-task, properly prioritize daily work and carry out duties with appropriate level of urgency.Sound judgment, adaptable, dependable, resourceful, innovative and creative.Ability to follow directions, policies and procedures, take initiative, research and resolve problems and complete projects through to the end; excellent follow-through.Ability to handle stressful/sensitive situations in a professional and diplomatic manner.Ability to communicate with tact and diplomacy and focus on solutions.Ability to maintain a professional and confidential work environment.Ability to work independently and in a team.Ability to utilize appropriate resources in performance of duties.Ability to effectively operate office equipment: phones, copiers, faxes, etc.Able to report to work on a regular and reliable basis.Ability to work a flexible schedule, including overtime, based on business needs.PLEASE NOTE: Passing the post-offer, pre-employment background process including fingerprinting and a drug test (includes marijuana) is required. Applicants who do not pass any part of the pre-employment process will have their offer of employment rescinded.Job Type: Full-time
9	15 days ago	Stryker	Sr HR Business Partner, Corp Functions (Remote)	"About Stryker

Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with our customers, is driven to make healthcare better. We offer innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes. We are proud to be named one of the World’s Best Workplaces and a Best Workplace for Diversity by Fortune Magazine. Learn more about our award-winning organization by visiting stryker.com

Who We Want

Collaborative partners. People who build and leverage cross-functional relationships to bring together ideas, data and insights to drive continuous improvement in functions.

Effective communicators. People who can interpret information clearly and accurately to concisely communicate results and recommendations to stakeholders, senior management, and their teams.

Insightful advisors. People who lead strategy development and provide guidance to teams/functions

What You Will Do

You are responsible for executing the talent strategy, providing a consistent experience to leaders, directors, managers and employees and supporting and executing the engagement strategy for the market. You will provide HR partnership to managers, directors and leaders of an organization focusing on the work environment, employee relations, employee retention and business processes by executing the business unit HR strategy. You will peform needs analysis to identify gaps in areas of compensation, talent, recruiting and change management and partners with Senior HR Leaders and subject matter experts to deliver solutions to meet the needs of their assigned business unit. You possess a solid understanding of all HR functions and work with business clients and/or HR partners in areas such as employee relations, compensation, and performance management.

Human Resources Expertise

Deliver HR partnership to Managers, Directors and Senior Leaders through workforce planning, talent management, performance management, employee relations and the orchestration of other HR services for assigned business unit or geography as the subject matter expert in Human Resources
Implements change based on proven change management techniques
Applies policies and procedures across organization; interprets both policies and changes to policy
Applies compliance knowledge to protect organization and mitigate risk
Seeks ways to proactively improve organizational processes and outcomes; implements solutions that are aligned and consistent with global HR best practices
Identifies and reports trends to Senior HR Leaders for business unit

Relationship Management

Facilitates difficult interactions among organizational stakeholders to achieve optimal outcomes; resolves escalated conflicts among stakeholders
Influences Senior Leadership of assigned business unit or geography in order to execute HR Strategy
Builds consensus and settles disputes on HR policy and practice decisions

Business Acumen

Provides business partnership to Leaders and Directors and Executes HR business strategies to drive key business results; provides guidance on HR matters, partnering with subject-matter experts to develop needed solutions
Maintains broad-based knowledge of the organization and its operations; uses knowledge of business and HR metrics to facilitate business decisions
Demonstrates working knowledge of the labor market and its relationship to organizational success

Consultation

Partners with managers and HR to proactively implement business solutions, utilizing HR expertise and perspective; supports managers on HR projects
Proactively coaches managers, directors and business leaders on HR and business-related issues
Aligns solutions with business unit HR strategy and advocates for solution implementation

Leadership

Executes programs, policies, and procedures to drive an engaged and performing organizational culture
Implements and delivers solutions and interventions that address issues of retention, change management, employee engagement, and leadership development, partnering with subject-matter experts as appropriate
Executes consistent HR services for the operating entity

HR Insights

Interprets data and makes recommendations; asks critical questions needed to evaluate data; gathers, analyzes and presents data to managers, directors and business leaders and recommends solutions that support the culture and the defined HR strategy
Analyzes root causes of work environment issues; manages interventions and solutions in collaboration and cooperation with key stakeholders

What You Need

B.A. or B.S from accredited university
Advanced Degree preferred
10 years of work experience and/or previous HR experience at the Sr. Manager level required
Expertise in supporting multiple and ever-changing complex business units in an HR generalist capacity required
Previous demonstrated experience interacting with COE's and business leaders
10+ years of increasingly responsible human resources experience preferred
Strong facilitation, consulting, relationship-building, influence, negotiation skills, and project management skills
Demonstrated business and analytical ability with a proven ability to build relationships and influence different groups
Ability to understand business needs and connect those to human resources strategies and plans for assigned business unit or geography
Demonstrated implementation and execution ability
Skilled with change processes in complex systems

#LI-Remote

Know someone at Stryker?

Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program."
10	12 days ago	The Hanover Insurance Group	Senior Employee Relations Consultant	"Senior Employee Relations Consultant
Worcester, MA, USA  Virtual Req #14041
 Friday, May 21, 2021
The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. is seeking a Senior Employee Relations Consultant to join our Human Resources team. The position will be based in Worcester, Mass, but we are open to other locations as well as working partially/fully remotely.


This position performs a wide range of analytical, problem solving and consultative support activities for internal client groups. The role provides consultative and complex HR Services support that not only impact the immediate, but also impact future state and change efforts. The role utilizes consulting, influencing and data analytics skills to deliver high quality guidance and information in keeping with company policies and state and federal employment regulations.


Responsibilities & Essential Functions:


 Lead expert consulting on the day-to-day functioning of employee relations and other HR services, programs, and processes
 Provide expertise in area of specialization, ensuring that partners in the business have considered all appropriate alternatives
 Gather and interpret employee relations-related data to shed light on case trends in the workplace that help identify policy gaps and improvements as well as educational opportunities
 Apply advanced knowledge in innovative ways
 Act as a key source of information for the business by providing perspective and consulting on key HR issues
 Determine gap between current and ideal state then lead the implementation of ideas for improving accuracy and efficiency of HR-related processes and systems
 Lead engagements with partners in the business to ensure full knowledge and adoption of HR programs and systems, using expert knowledge of the business to build support for processes
 Influence change and recommend process improvements.
 Enterprise-wide HR project participation/management
 Scan Federal and State employment laws and make recommendations for applicability at Hanover
 Participates in HR project initiatives and serve as a subject matter expert; may lead small projects.

Required Skills & Experience:
 Bachelor’s degree, with Master’s preferred, with 10 years of progressive Human Resource or related field and at least 3 years in Employee Relations.
 10 years of experience in human resources or a related field
 Proven experience managing workplace investigations and mitigating risk
 Experience tracking, analyzing and reporting on employee relations data and trends
 Proficiency with Visio and Microsoft Office Suite, particularly PowerPoint and Excel, with technical aptitude and ability to learn new technologies and applications
 Organize, summarize and explain issues and relevant information and data to Legal, HR Business Partners and relevant parties for consideration and creation of investigation plan, conclusions and outcomes.
 Draft clear, concise investigation reports and summaries, analyzing information gathered and applicability to relevant policies.
 Partner with our Legal team and our broader HR organization on the implementation of investigation outcomes for involved parties and impacted work group.
 A self-starter with demonstrated success working independently as well as part of a team
 Expert knowledge of specialized area (e.g., employee relations, human resources)
 Must have the ability to prioritize effectively and perform tasks quickly and efficiently
 Excellent influencing, communication (verbal and written), organizational and analytical skills are also required
 Ability to stay current on applicable regulations and properly apply the law to situations is also expected
 Ability to scan the regulatory environment, review legal requirements and evaluate them for applicability to Hanover and form initial recommendations for changes to policy/practice as necessary.
 Must have the ability to think strategically, be flexible and easily adaptable to change
 Solves complex problems; take a broad perspective to identify solutions
 Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as presentation skills, including the ability to successfully facilitate meetings and discussions and train others
 Ability to coach and consult with others to solve problems; serve as a mentor to others
 Ability to recommend, document and influence process improvements
 Ability to collaborate with others and deliver high quality analysis
 Ability to deliver high quality decision within Employee Relations.
 Project management skills

EEO statement:
“The Hanover values diversity in the workplace and among our customers. The company provides equal opportunity for employment and promotion to all qualified employees and applicants on the basis of experience, training, education, and ability to do the available work without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex/gender, sexual orientation, national origin, gender identity, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information, ancestry or any other status protected by law.

Furthermore, The Hanover Insurance Group is committed to providing an equal opportunity workplace that is free of discrimination and harassment based on national origin, race, color, religion, gender, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by law.”

As an equal opportunity employer, Hanover does not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation, as a candidate for employment, please inform The Hanover Talent Acquisition office.

Privacy Policy:
To view our privacy policy and online privacy statement, click here.

Applicants who are California residents: To see the types of information we may collect from applicants and employees and how we use it, please click here.
Other details
Job Function Human Resources Pay Type Salary Required Education Bachelor’s Degree"
11	27 days ago	Jacobs	Human Resources Business Partner	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
The HRBP will be a champion of the Jacobs culture and values while partnering with employees and management in designated performance unit(s). The HRBP partners with senior leaders to deliver talent needs in support of organizational goals and objectives. The position requires building strong working relationships in order to serve as a trusted advisor to effectively implement and execute HR strategies focused on talent management and succession planning, talent review and strategic workforce planning, performance management, organizational effectiveness, workforce planning, and employee engagement. The HRBP will provide support to the leaders of an organization that is undergoing rapid growth and transformation.
Duties and Responsibilities
Conducts weekly meetings with leaders in respective performance unit.
Consults with line management, providing HR guidance when appropriate.
Analyzes trends and metrics in partnership with the HR group to develop solutions, programs and policies.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. Partners with the legal department as needed/required.
Provides day-to-day performance management guidance to line management (e.g., coaching, counseling, career development, disciplinary actions).
Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.
Provides HR policy guidance and interpretation.
Provides guidance and input on performance unit restructures, workforce planning and succession planning.
Participates in identifying and evaluating training needs for teams and individuals in performance unit.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Additional Information:
Position will be remote during the current office closure period. Work location and telework schedule can be flexible upon return to the workplace as conditions permit.
Once offices open back up, there could be (mostly) local travel required
#ourmission
Here’s What You’ll Need:

10+ years human resource business partner experience
2+ years of supervisory experience
BS in related field or equivalent work experience; advanced degree a plus
In-depth knowledge and experience in multiple HR disciplines including employee engagement, performance management, talent management, workforce effectiveness, succession planning, organizational development/design/effectiveness, change management, rewards and recognition
Experience coaching and mentoring
HR Certifications a plus (CPTD, PHR, SPHR, SHRM-CP, SHRM-SCP)
Experience in a role supporting leadership at a mid- to large-size company is a plus
Experience with PeopleSoft HRIS a plus
Desired Requirements (nice to have but not required):
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the performance of responsibilities.
Maturity and professional demeanor to advise, challenge and partner with leaders in order to quickly become a trusted partner within the business.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically, execute tactically, and collaborate effectively.
Works independently, with minimal guidance.
Must have excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written.
Must be a team player and be willing to be hands-on with tactical duties with an ability to multi-task in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
Ability to comprehend, interpret, and apply the appropriate sections of applicable laws, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, and policies.
Ability to acquire a thorough understanding of the organization’s hierarchy, jobs, qualifications, compensation practices, and the administrative practices related to those factors.
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or related software.
Physical Requirements:
Most work will be done at a desk or computer.
Work Environment:
General Office environment. The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers.
Equipment & Machines:
General office equipment including PC/laptop, Fax, Copiers, Shredder, Printers, Telephone, and other miscellaneous office equipment.
Attendance:
Attendance is critical at all times. Must be able to work a minimum 40-hour workweek, normally Monday through Friday. However, times and days may vary depending on business requirements. Needs to be available to work overtime during critical peaks and be available to meet last minute requests for overtime should the situation occur.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation.
Must be able to interface with individuals at all levels of the organization both verbally and in writing. Must be well-organized with the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously. Must work well under pressure to meet deadline requirements. Must be willing to travel as needed. Must take and pass a drug test and background check as well as a motor vehicle records check. Must be a US citizen.
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."
12	28 days ago	Essentia Health	Remote: Senior Employee Labor Relations Specialist	"Job Description:
The Senior Employee and Labor Relations Specialist is a member of a collaborative team that provides a variety of duties related to negotiation, administration, grievance, and arbitration of collective bargaining agreements. Supporting contract negotiations include: researching and participating in strategy sessions prior to negotiations, acting as First Chair and negotiating contracts according to strategy and organization goals, providing on-going contract administration for multiple contracts and implementing completed contracts including providing education to managers and human resource staff; participating in and supporting arbitration processes; handling grievances; providing leadership and technical expertise on labor and employee relations to management and other HR staff; administering the corrective action process up to and including termination; facilitating and implementing layoff process; representing the employer when working with union representatives on various contractual issues; responding to union organizing activities; process outside requests for information on a variety of claims; conducting various investigations related to risk management issues, physician conduct, EEOC, sexual harassment or other harassment allegation claims, hostile work environment claims, etc.; administering the Essentia Health Drug and Alcohol Policy; and responding to unemployment claims and representing Essentia Health in unemployment hearings.

Education Qualifications:
Work Experience:
Minimum 8 years work experience. Labor Relations experience including sitting as First Chair during negotiations required.
Education Experience:
BA required; Master’s preferred.
As a Senior Employee and Labor Relations Specialist you will:
Negotiate Collective Bargaining Agreements
Administer the collective bargaining agreements
Partner with organization leaders to provide education and technical expertise on employee and labor relation issues.
Manage a variety of investigations and create reports
Manage grievances
Participate in Labor Management Committee meetings


Licensure/Certification Qualifications:
Essentia Health is an integrated health system located in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and North Dakota.
Headquartered in Duluth, Minnesota, Essentia Health combines the strengths and talents of 13,500 employees who service our patients and communities through the mission of being called to make a health difference in people’s lives.
Essentia Health, which includes many Catholic facilities, is guided by the values of Quality, Hospitality, Respect, Joy, Justice, Stewardship and Teamwork. The organization lives out its mission by having a patient-centered focus at 14 hospitals, 70 clinics, six long-term care facilities, three assisted living facilities, three independent living facilities five ambulance services and one research institute.
Our Benefits are exception and Include:
Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Program
Paid Personal Leave
401K (with Essentia Health annual match)
Life and Disability Insurance options
Adoption Assistance
FTE
1
Shift Rotation
Day Rotation
Holidays
No
Call Obligation
No

Effective December 1, 2019: Job offers are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer assessment, including a urine drug screen, immunization review, and background check. Essentia Health is committed to maintaining a work environment free from the influence of illegal drugs and alcohol."
13	30+ days ago	Cushman & Wakefield	Employee Relations Specialist - Virtual	"Job Title

Employee Relations Specialist - Virtual

Job Description Summary

The Employee Relations Specialist is responsible for the delivery of employee relations governance and consulting services to designated internal clients on ER matters. Key skills required to be successful in this role are exceptional communication skills—especially in a virtual environment, strong connection and relationship skills, action orientation and responsive mindset, and ability to write and document issues with clarity and precision. This role reports to the Senior HR Manager for Account Management within Global Occupier Services and will matrix to the Senior HR Manager for Employee Relations.

The Employee Relations Specialist will take the lead on ER cases within Global Occupier Services for a designated internal client group and will partner with dedicated HR Business Partners (HRBPs) on standard to complex ER cases.

The Employee Relations Specialist will utilize a Case Management system to store and track case notes and generate ER metrics reports for various client groups.

Job Description

Responsibilities:
Responsible for the delivery of Employee Relations consulting services to dedicated client groups on standard to complex ER matters.
Work with employees and their managers to understand perspectives and to guide toward resolution of conflict or issues.
Investigate internal employee complaints of unfair treatment, harassment, discrimination, workplace violence or hostile work environment. Recommend solutions to management and dedicated HRBPs, including consistent corrective action or termination, based on company policies, weighing legal risk factors to the organization. Document investigation, recommendations and resolution for the complaint.
Consult and coach managers on performance management best practices, including progressive performance management, performance improvement plans, exit strategies, and involuntary separations.
Investigate, review, consult, and provide recommendations to managers on employee misconduct issues. Make recommendations regarding appropriate level of corrective action or termination to HRPBs and management based on company policies and laws.
Consult with management, HRBPs, ER COE, Legal, Benefits, Leave Administration and Risk management on escalated leave of absence and job accommodation requests. Provide recommendations, resolution and influence management on recommendations based on company policies and laws. Ensure appropriate documentation to support decision.
Support and consult with HRBPs and managers with position elimination activities; coordinate approved business cases with aligned HRBP, ER COE, and the HR Operations team to ensure a seamless and thoughtful process for affected employees and non-affected managers and employees
Provide change management support to management and HRPBs.
Partner with dedicated HRBP on issues that are highly complex or present significant risk to the business or company.
Utilize Case Management tools to document and effectively manage ER matters and investigations; will become the Subject Matter Expert and Super User of the Case Management tool, generating reports and tracking trends.
Provide input and insight on holistic intervention and engagement efforts and remedies
Liaise and partner with Legal and ER COE on high level, high risk, or highly complex issues and their resolution.
May assist in the creation and refinement of company-wide HR policies; collaborate and consult on non-HR policies.
The Employee Relations Consultant may assist or take lead in the development of training, tools, templates, processes and reference materials, or other projects in support of the ER COE function.
May participate in project work that supports the ER COE, the HR team, or other functions
Occasional travel to other C&W locations to participate in investigations and meetings

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in HR or related area, or equivalent experience
3-6 years years of progressive ER or HR Generalist experience
PHR or SPHR designation preferred
Seasoned and proven skills in managing difficult ER situations, conflict management, employment law, influence skills, as well as deep and broad knowledge of Human Resources in general
Superior diagnostic and analytical skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Solid business intelligence
Ability to influence leaders and colleagues; skilled counselor, consultant and facilitator
Strong organization skills and project management skills
Proficiency in MS Office
Knowledge of HRMS systems such as Workday and PeopleSoft

Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
14	30+ days ago	The Estée Lauder Companies	ED, HRBP, Online	"The ED, HRBP will play a critical role as a strategic business partner, thought leader, and trusted advisor to work closely with Senior Management for the Tech & Digital experience operations and product teams within Online. This individual will be the lead HR partner with full accountability for global deployment of HR strategy for online tech. We’re seeking a strategic thinker with a solid HR background in global technology companies as well as a track record of building high-performance teams with experience managing people remotely. The business is Engineering centric; therefore, strong experience in providing solutions in an engineering environment is highly preferred. The ED HRBP will also play a role in communicating with stakeholders in brand leadership, and will therefore need commercial acumen, as well as understand how to create best-in- class consumer experience on our site for luxury prestige brands
Understand business strategy, brand ambition and create the appropriate HR plans to address business specific goals in a high growth environment
Oversee and drive the delivery and execution of HR programs and services consistently across the branded and regional teams based on a deep understanding of the Online business strategy, environment, and the people management implications.
Provide support to a tech transformation that will focus on balancing internal resources, optimizing costs, and mitigating risks of knowledge losses.
Be connected to the organization to proactively validate issues for action; participate in and influence the development of solutions within the business.
Partner with HR Centers of Excellence to develop and execute both long-term and short-term HR strategies that directly support and enable business objectives.
Provide strategic business and thought partnership to leadership teams and coach them through people-related strategy, decision making, and execution.
Provide Executive coaching and counsel to senior leaders in the client group.
Provide innovative and creative solutions to senior executives with a willingness to push and challenge for transformative work
Leverage data and analysis to solve complex business and talent problems
Influence partners and key stakeholders across the Enterprise
Manage projects and cross-functional partners to deliver customized HR solutions to provide value to the business.

Qualifications
Must have strong EQ, situational leadership skills, and agile management style; able to quickly respond to changes in a fast changing growing environment and reassess goals accordingly. Able to translate strategic HR policies into day-to-day business activities. Experience in implementing major organizational changes and new strategic orientations.
Ideally brings successful track record of working with a tech company B to C, or has been part of a start up in e-commerce.
Understands tech, engineering as well as agile methodologies (or has appetite to learn at speed).
Behavioral / Profile Characteristics
The successful candidate will have a minimum of 10 years of progressive experience in human resources business partner role or a combination of commercial/marketing experience and HR.
At least five years of direct partnership with elevated Technology teams and Start-Up companies is preferred
Demonstrated strong business acumen, operational skills, and successful partnership with all components of the HR service delivery model and line operations
High degree of learning agility
Excellent communication, collaboration, influencing, project management, organizational, and change agent skills. Conciseness in recommendations is appreciated.
Demonstrated ability to drive the HR strategic agenda and deliver results using knowledge of the organization and its employees.
Strong grasp of details and the ability to anticipate issues before they materialize.
Ability to work in changing environments, see through complexity, and strategically promote an inclusive/diverse workforce.
Possesses an action-oriented management style. Plans and implements projects and makes decisions with a sense of urgency. Able to strategize and also drive flawless execution.
Deep generalist and HR business partner experience is critical for success, with exposure to all core functions within the discipline and with increasing scope.
Significant transformation and change management experience.
Skilled in navigating highly complex, matrixed organizations

Job: Human Resources
Primary Location: US-NY-New York
Job Type: Standard
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: 1st (Day) Shift
Job Number: 212304

We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. It is Company's policy not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), gender identity or gender expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition as defined by applicable state or local law, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws and ordinances. The Company will endeavor to provide a reasonable accommodation consistent with the law to otherwise qualified employees and prospective employees with a disability and to employees and prospective employees with needs related to their religious observance or practices. Should you wish to apply for this position or any other position with the Company and you believe you require assistance to complete an application or participate in an interview, please contact USApplicantAccommodations@Estee.com."
15	30+ days ago	Cushman & Wakefield	Employee Relations Specialist - Virtual	"Job Title

Employee Relations Specialist - Virtual

Job Description Summary

The Employee Relations Specialist is responsible for the delivery of employee relations governance and consulting services to designated internal clients on ER matters. Key skills required to be successful in this role are exceptional communication skills—especially in a virtual environment, strong connection and relationship skills, action orientation and responsive mindset, and ability to write and document issues with clarity and precision. This role reports to the Senior HR Manager for Account Management within Global Occupier Services and will matrix to the Senior HR Manager for Employee Relations.

The Employee Relations Specialist will take the lead on ER cases within Global Occupier Services for a designated internal client group and will partner with dedicated HR Business Partners (HRBPs) on standard to complex ER cases.

The Employee Relations Specialist will utilize a Case Management system to store and track case notes and generate ER metrics reports for various client groups.

Job Description

Responsibilities:
Responsible for the delivery of Employee Relations consulting services to dedicated client groups on standard to complex ER matters.
Work with employees and their managers to understand perspectives and to guide toward resolution of conflict or issues.
Investigate internal employee complaints of unfair treatment, harassment, discrimination, workplace violence or hostile work environment. Recommend solutions to management and dedicated HRBPs, including consistent corrective action or termination, based on company policies, weighing legal risk factors to the organization. Document investigation, recommendations and resolution for the complaint.
Consult and coach managers on performance management best practices, including progressive performance management, performance improvement plans, exit strategies, and involuntary separations.
Investigate, review, consult, and provide recommendations to managers on employee misconduct issues. Make recommendations regarding appropriate level of corrective action or termination to HRPBs and management based on company policies and laws.
Consult with management, HRBPs, ER COE, Legal, Benefits, Leave Administration and Risk management on escalated leave of absence and job accommodation requests. Provide recommendations, resolution and influence management on recommendations based on company policies and laws. Ensure appropriate documentation to support decision.
Support and consult with HRBPs and managers with position elimination activities; coordinate approved business cases with aligned HRBP, ER COE, and the HR Operations team to ensure a seamless and thoughtful process for affected employees and non-affected managers and employees
Provide change management support to management and HRPBs.
Partner with dedicated HRBP on issues that are highly complex or present significant risk to the business or company.
Utilize Case Management tools to document and effectively manage ER matters and investigations; will become the Subject Matter Expert and Super User of the Case Management tool, generating reports and tracking trends.
Provide input and insight on holistic intervention and engagement efforts and remedies
Liaise and partner with Legal and ER COE on high level, high risk, or highly complex issues and their resolution.
May assist in the creation and refinement of company-wide HR policies; collaborate and consult on non-HR policies.
The Employee Relations Consultant may assist or take lead in the development of training, tools, templates, processes and reference materials, or other projects in support of the ER COE function.
May participate in project work that supports the ER COE, the HR team, or other functions
Occasional travel to other C&W locations to participate in investigations and meetings

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in HR or related area, or equivalent experience
3-6 years years of progressive ER or HR Generalist experience
PHR or SPHR designation preferred
Seasoned and proven skills in managing difficult ER situations, conflict management, employment law, influence skills, as well as deep and broad knowledge of Human Resources in general
Superior diagnostic and analytical skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Solid business intelligence
Ability to influence leaders and colleagues; skilled counselor, consultant and facilitator
Strong organization skills and project management skills
Proficiency in MS Office
Knowledge of HRMS systems such as Workday and PeopleSoft

Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
16	9 days ago	Vaxxinity	Sr. HR Business Partner	"Job Description
Sr. HR Business Partner

Location: Remote, Experience: 7-10 years, Type: Full-time Exempt
Reports to: Head of HR
Vaxxinity is a clinical-stage immunotherapeutic company formed through the combination of COVAXX and United Neuroscience, two independent subsidiaries of United Biomedical (one of the leading vaccine companies in the world consisting of seven operating entities). Led by a female CEO, in an informal values-driven start-up culture, Vaxxinity will control half a dozen development candidates targeting neurologic disorders, hypercholesterolemia and COVID-19. Vaxxinity is currently pre-selling and ramping up production and distribution for hundreds of millions of COVID-19 vaccines.
You will collaborate with a group of inspiring colleagues all over the globe who are working on disruptive projects, solving big problems and having a huge impact on the world. Vaxxinity is an international company, operating remotely from day one across several countries and team members worldwide. Expect to grow, expect to be challenged, and expect the unexpected as we embark on this journey of democratizing health for all the world’s citizens.

Role

We are looking for a talented and highly motivated Sr. Human Resources Business Partner. This is a position requiring solid experience with HR practices and employee management in Biotech industry. Individuals suited for this position will communicate with senior managers to express new ideas and suggest solutions, considering budget limitations and our culture. Vaxxinity is a fast-paced bio-technology company that is growing quickly to serve the needs of our patients.


Responsibilities (duties are not limited to the below and may evolve over time depending on business needs and individual expertise)

Partner with leadership to align HR strategy to business strategy
Analyze trends and metrics and provide reporting to HR, Finance, Operations
Provide day-to-day coaching to leadership on a variety of actions to include employee relations issues, policy interpretation and application; and organizational design consultation.
Conducts ongoing supply and demand analysis on current and future state staffing and skill needs and designs talent acquisition strategies to meet those needs.
Works with Compensation analyst to align job descriptions to market and actively participates in annual budget planning/labor forecasting
With recruiter, enable talent acquisition, ensuring lead candidates are extended market offers, receive pre and onboarding activities that allow new hires to quickly move into their roles.
Execute Performance Management cycle activities with the business (promotion, performance, development, etc)
Suggest new HR strategies for business growth and workforce expansion
Education / Experience

Minimum 7-10 years of experience in HR required in biotech (a must)
BA/BS
SHRM or other HR credentials a plus


Knowledge / Skills / Abilities


Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong interpersonal/group skills; capable of working collaboratively with colleagues in all functions.
High Business Acumen
Understands and thrives in growth/change environment.
High standard of professional ethics, integrity and trust.
Excellent planning, organizational and prioritizing skills with ability to multi-task.
Consistently high professional image and demeanor.
Proficiency in the use of MS Word, Excel and other appropriate software programs.
Values

Be science-driven
Communicate clearly, openly and respectfully
Unite in teams and collaborations
Learn and help others learn
Act with integrity
Get sh*t done
Location
Remote, US
Department
Human Resources
Employment Type
Full-Time
Minimum Experience
Senior Manager/Supervisor"
17	5 days ago	MindPoint Group, LLC	Senior Technical Recruiter	"Company Description
MindPoint Group delivers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions, services, and products. We are the trusted cybersecurity advisors to key government and commercial decision-makers and support security operations for some of the most security-conscious organizations globally. We design and implement innovative security solutions to identify and defend against today’s risks and tomorrow’s attacks.
We believe that helping organizations operate from the best security posture possible requires automation. Empowering our employees to excel and providing them with the means to do so enables us to consistently exceed our clients’ expectations.
Unlike many IT consultancies, we’re not a body shop. Our client engagements are challenging and growth-oriented. Our relationship with you is for the long run because, in this business, your success is our success. That’s why we treat investments in employees as investments in the company itself, which is why we offer fantastic benefits (healthcare, generous PTO, paid maternity and paternity leave, and tuition reimbursement, to name a few).
But you’ll want to work here for reasons that can’t be written into an offer letter—the challenge, growth opportunities, and most important: the culture of a company that cares about you.
We are an established, profitable, and growing company that promises you the following:
A diverse organization.
A safe workplace with zero tolerance for discrimination and harassment of any kind.
A balanced work life. Seriously.
Potential of a flexible schedule, depending on the specific customer.
A leadership team focused on your professional growth and development.

Job Description
We are seeking a savvy Technical Recruiter that will help set the standards of company excellence by recruiting the most qualified personnel for the company. Not only will the candidate cultivate and draw top-notch cybersecurity professionals in the field; the candidate will also help further MindPoint Group brand recognition as a cybersecurity thought leader and an employer of choice. This will involve full life-cycle recruiting and the ability to build strong relationships with hiring managers, executives, candidates, and the community at large. The Technical Recruiter will perform the following duties:
Identify staff vacancies, prepare and post position descriptions and recruit, interview and provide recommendations for follow-on interviews to executive management for qualified candidates and assist with all other matters related to the hiring process.
Prepare weekly personnel reports to project employment needs and recruiting efforts.
Oversee day-to-day tasks of full-cycle recruiting for government and commercial client contracts.
Coordinate with Contracts POC and Program Manager to develop position descriptions for new open positions.
Utilize Applicant Tracking System (ATS) to access, review, interview and hire technical candidates.
Provide on-site support to the management team to aggressively source candidates through both active and passive methods.
Pre-screen candidates and provide detailed information on position requirements.
Submitting background checks, coordinating candidate start details, and following up with the hiring manager and/or candidate after offer letter has been signed/accepted.
Utilize creative marketing, sourcing strategies, and techniques to attract key talent, to include but not limited to utilizing the following sourcing efforts: internet advertising, social media, employee referrals, attendance at career and job fairs, cold calling, and serve as a corporate liaison with schools and universities.
Manage scheduling and logistics for all interviews between candidates and hiring managers.
Provide weekly status reports to the HR Manager and ensure that candidate tracking up-to-date and accurate.
Managing day-to-day customer service interaction with Program Managers, including daily information flow, problem-solving, and training for online system use, with a focus on continuous process improvements.
Responsible for updating and managing data within ATS.
At the discretion of the Director of Corp Ops, support other Ops activities as needed.

Qualifications

US Citizenship required
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience.
Strong GovCon/Proposal recruiting experience required.
Experience with/exposure to Cyber recruiting required.
4 years of experience recruiting professionals in a corporate or agency environment.
Full life-cycle technology recruiting including, sourcing, qualifying, networking, assessing, job analysis, offers, closing and relationship management.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to interface effectively with professionals at all levels.
Demonstrate strategic thinking and planning ability, strong business acumen, and the ability to function in a fast-paced and innovative environment is a MUST.
Ability to learn quickly, grasp new concepts and work independently with minimal guidance.
Ability to contribute to the development of creative business strategies by offering up unique ideas in a collaborative manner.
Must possess excellent organizational skills.
Strong time management skills with the ability to multi-task.
Previous experience managing a high-volume requisition workload of open IT positions.
Results-driven and comfortable working in a high performance, metrics-driven recruiting environment.
Demonstrated proficiency working with various ATS Systems.
Can embrace a collaborative, fun, and dynamic company culture.
Excellent project management, organizational, writing, and oral communication skills.
Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines
Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled"
18	12 days ago	The Hanover Insurance Group	Senior Employee Relations Consultant	"Senior Employee Relations Consultant
Worcester, MA, USA  Virtual Req #14041
 Friday, May 21, 2021
The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. is seeking a Senior Employee Relations Consultant to join our Human Resources team. The position will be based in Worcester, Mass, but we are open to other locations as well as working partially/fully remotely.


This position performs a wide range of analytical, problem solving and consultative support activities for internal client groups. The role provides consultative and complex HR Services support that not only impact the immediate, but also impact future state and change efforts. The role utilizes consulting, influencing and data analytics skills to deliver high quality guidance and information in keeping with company policies and state and federal employment regulations.


Responsibilities & Essential Functions:


 Lead expert consulting on the day-to-day functioning of employee relations and other HR services, programs, and processes
 Provide expertise in area of specialization, ensuring that partners in the business have considered all appropriate alternatives
 Gather and interpret employee relations-related data to shed light on case trends in the workplace that help identify policy gaps and improvements as well as educational opportunities
 Apply advanced knowledge in innovative ways
 Act as a key source of information for the business by providing perspective and consulting on key HR issues
 Determine gap between current and ideal state then lead the implementation of ideas for improving accuracy and efficiency of HR-related processes and systems
 Lead engagements with partners in the business to ensure full knowledge and adoption of HR programs and systems, using expert knowledge of the business to build support for processes
 Influence change and recommend process improvements.
 Enterprise-wide HR project participation/management
 Scan Federal and State employment laws and make recommendations for applicability at Hanover
 Participates in HR project initiatives and serve as a subject matter expert; may lead small projects.

Required Skills & Experience:
 Bachelor’s degree, with Master’s preferred, with 10 years of progressive Human Resource or related field and at least 3 years in Employee Relations.
 10 years of experience in human resources or a related field
 Proven experience managing workplace investigations and mitigating risk
 Experience tracking, analyzing and reporting on employee relations data and trends
 Proficiency with Visio and Microsoft Office Suite, particularly PowerPoint and Excel, with technical aptitude and ability to learn new technologies and applications
 Organize, summarize and explain issues and relevant information and data to Legal, HR Business Partners and relevant parties for consideration and creation of investigation plan, conclusions and outcomes.
 Draft clear, concise investigation reports and summaries, analyzing information gathered and applicability to relevant policies.
 Partner with our Legal team and our broader HR organization on the implementation of investigation outcomes for involved parties and impacted work group.
 A self-starter with demonstrated success working independently as well as part of a team
 Expert knowledge of specialized area (e.g., employee relations, human resources)
 Must have the ability to prioritize effectively and perform tasks quickly and efficiently
 Excellent influencing, communication (verbal and written), organizational and analytical skills are also required
 Ability to stay current on applicable regulations and properly apply the law to situations is also expected
 Ability to scan the regulatory environment, review legal requirements and evaluate them for applicability to Hanover and form initial recommendations for changes to policy/practice as necessary.
 Must have the ability to think strategically, be flexible and easily adaptable to change
 Solves complex problems; take a broad perspective to identify solutions
 Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as presentation skills, including the ability to successfully facilitate meetings and discussions and train others
 Ability to coach and consult with others to solve problems; serve as a mentor to others
 Ability to recommend, document and influence process improvements
 Ability to collaborate with others and deliver high quality analysis
 Ability to deliver high quality decision within Employee Relations.
 Project management skills

EEO statement:
“The Hanover values diversity in the workplace and among our customers. The company provides equal opportunity for employment and promotion to all qualified employees and applicants on the basis of experience, training, education, and ability to do the available work without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex/gender, sexual orientation, national origin, gender identity, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information, ancestry or any other status protected by law.

Furthermore, The Hanover Insurance Group is committed to providing an equal opportunity workplace that is free of discrimination and harassment based on national origin, race, color, religion, gender, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by law.”

As an equal opportunity employer, Hanover does not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation, as a candidate for employment, please inform The Hanover Talent Acquisition office.

Privacy Policy:
To view our privacy policy and online privacy statement, click here.

Applicants who are California residents: To see the types of information we may collect from applicants and employees and how we use it, please click here.
Other details
Job Function Human Resources Pay Type Salary Required Education Bachelor’s Degree"
19	16 days ago	Progressive Leasing	Senior Corporate Recruiter (Remote)	"Job Description:

Progressive Leasing is looking for a vibrant, driven Sr. Corporate Recruiter to partner with our Talent Acquisition Team. If you enjoy working with strong leadership that supports creativity, understands the importance of appreciation, values ongoing education and empowers you with the resources necessary to be successful, then this just might be the perfect fit!
This role can be performed remotely anywhere in the US or from one of our office locations in Draper, UT or Glendale, AZ.
THE DETAILS
This position will be responsible for providing an amazing candidate experience while collaborating closely with hiring managers throughout the life-cycle of hiring efforts. Your professionalism, impeccable follow-through, attention to detail, and good instincts will be the foundation for building and maintaining relationships; ensuring in-depth understanding of position requirements, and evangelizing process improvements to screen, interview and hire high-quality candidates. You will help advance our brand across numerous markets and communities to promote Progressive Leasing as a world class employer.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Manage the sourcing process using a variety of techniques to discover and attract the best talent– we’re looking for a lot of unicorns!
Be a trusted adviser to our various support teams by developing strong and effective partnerships with department leaders and employees to advance talent acquisition initiatives
Create strong candidate pipelines and develop relationships with candidates for future opportunities
Communicate often with candidates and hiring managers (well informed candidates help build our brand and high quality communication with managers creates trust)
Utilize your prior experience with multiple ATS (we use iCIMS) and high aptitude for technology to screen and interview candidates
Think outside the box! Get creative and innovative in your recruiting strategies - we encourage it!
Represent Progressive Leasing at career fairs and corporate events as needed
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years’ of exempt level recruiting experience
Proven ability to take initiative, use consultative skills and build strong, productive relationships
Strong business acumen; including strategic problem solving skills, critical thinking, highly organized and takes self-initiative
Strong technical aptitude and an excellent working knowledge of ATS (we use iCIMS)
Excellent and authentic interviewing skills
Possess strong influential impact on candidates and managers
Impeccable verbal and written communication, as well as organizational, time and project management skills
Skilled in offer negotiation and awareness of employment market trends
Proven experience prioritizing and managing multiple assignments concurrently, performing well under pressure, and meeting deadlines, while ensuring acute attention to detail and accuracy
A combination of corporate and agency/executive search experience is preferred
WHAT WE OFFER
Competitive Compensation + Eligible for STI
Full Health Benefits; Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance + Paid Parental Leave
Company Matched 401k
Paid Time Off + Paid Holidays + Paid Volunteer Time
Diversity Alliance Resource Groups
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Charitable Gift Matching
Job Required Equipment & Services Will Be Provided
WHO WE ARE
Progressive Leasing (NYSE: PRG) is the largest and longest-tenured virtual lease-to-own provider in the United States. The Company’s mission is to provide simple and affordable purchase options for credit challenged consumers. Over the last 20+ years, Progressive Leasing’s alternative lease-purchase options have helped millions of customers with less than perfect credit acquire needed items with ease. Progressive partners with 30,000 retail stores, helping to drive increased revenue and improve customer satisfaction. Learn more at ProgLeasing.com.
Progressive Leasing welcomes and encourages diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where Progressive Leasing does business."
20	30+ days ago	AvantGarde, LLC	Senior Human Resources Staffing Specialist	"AvantGarde, LLC (AG) seeks to engage a Human Resources Staffing Specialist to provide the Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS) with comprehensive recruitment and staffing support by developing vacancy announcements, rating and ranking candidates, issuing certificates, supporting the candidate paneling process, issuing offers of employment, and coding personnel actions. This role works full-time, 40 hpw, 100% remote.

The WORK

Provide recruitment and staffing advisory services to managers and supervisors.
Provide the full range of Federal recruitment activities from beginning to end (full hiring life cycle) to include recruitment, staffing, job analysis, applicant assessment questionnaire, vacancy announcement posting, qualification determination, pay setting, onboarding, and separation.
Code and process personnel action requests (PAR) covering the full range of actions as defined in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Guide to Processing Personnel Actions (GPPA).
Consult with managers and supervisors regarding internal staffing matters such as promotions, reassignments, miscellaneous pay adjustments, realignments, details, and others.
Assist with conducting New Employee Orientation.

The REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor’s degree and 10+ years of hands-on experience providing broad-based support in Staffing to a federal agency, or the equivalent combination of education, relevant technical knowledge, training and experience in federal executive staffing, OPM rules, pay setting and processing the full range of personnel actions.
Competency using a variety of automated personnel systems, e.g., USA Staffing, National Finance Center and the Microsoft Office Suite of applications including Word and Excel.
Strong oral and written communication skills with the ability communicate effectively with all levels of an organization.
Exceptional organizational skills with specific attention to detail.
Excellent, demonstrated customer service skills.
Flexibility with the approach to delivering work, managing multiple and changing priorities.
Ability to be receive a federal civilian clearance.

The CLIENT

The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) recognizes that its employees are its most important asset. Their competence, creativity, commitment, diversity, and innovation are vital to the accomplishment of the CNCS mission. The CNCS Office of Human Capital (OHC) provides policies, programs, and processes that facilitate the recruitment, hiring, development, and retention of a diverse, highly skilled, motivated, and effective workforce capable of accomplishing the Agency's mission. OHC provides Agency-wide leadership concerning workforce management to include strategic human capital planning, labor-management and employee relations, performance management and incentive awards, executive resources, distance learning, leadership development, training and career development, human resources data management, and automation initiatives. It also serves as the operating human resources office for the Agency providing the full range of human resource services with emphasis on recruitment, staffing, pay administration, classification and management advisory services, retirement and benefits, and personnel and payroll processing.

The COMPANY

AvantGarde, LLC (AG) is an 8(a) and HUB certified, Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB) with principal offices in Rockville, MD. AG provides a unique set of integrated consulting services and a ""One Stop Shop Solution"" to meet complex organizational goals through Human Capital Management, Organizational Development, Business Operations Support, and Information Technology. We translate insight into impact across four key areas of an organization – People, Process, Strategy, and Technology.

Our firm was named Minority Federal Contractor of the Year for 2017 by the Minority Enterprise Development Consortium. We partner with clients and bring deep and broad-based expertise with the best industry practices delivering personalized solutions that overcome our clients’ most pressing People, Process, Strategy and Technology problems. Visit our website at www.avantgarde4usa.com to learn more about the company, our opportunities, and benefits.

The LAW

As an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, AvantGarde LLC makes all recruitment and employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including gender and transgender status), national origin, disability status, marital status, veteran status, registered domestic partner or civilian union status, medical condition, genetic information, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic or status protected by federal, state and local laws. AvantGarde hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled."
21	2 days ago	Sacramento Children’s Home	Sr. Human Resources Generalist	POSITION SUMMARY: Under limited supervision, the Sr. Human Resources Generalist is responsible for compensation management, job description development, leave of absence administration, reasonable accommodations, safety and Cal/OSHA compliance, Workers’ Compensation and other duties. Advises Managers and staff on employment laws and SCH policies and procedures. This position reports to the Director of Human Resources and has no supervisory responsibility. This position works with extremely confidential and highly sensitive information and must maintain strict confidentiality.LOCATION:  2750 Sutterville Rd, Sacramento, CA 95820SCHEDULE: Monday – Friday, 8:30am – 5:00pmBENEFITS: Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life and accident insurance, short and long term disability plans, retirement plan with company match, paid vacation, sick leave, 10 paid holidays, tuition reimbursement and career development opportunities.ABOUT: Since 1867, the Sacramento Children’s Home has been committed to providing high quality care to the Sacramento region’s most vulnerable children and families. Our long history has positioned our agency at the forefront of caring for at-risk youth and helping to build strong families throughout our community, and today we are the preeminent provider of child and family services in the region. With a growing portfolio of programs and services focused on child abuse prevention, intervention, and mental health treatment, the Sacramento Children’s Home is among the most highly respected nonprofit workplaces in Northern California. We offer prospective employees a values-driven workplace, excellent benefits and outstanding career advancement opportunities, all while making a positive impact in your community.QUALIFICATIONS: A Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources and at least 8 years’ experience in a corporate Human Resources environment, demonstrating progressively increasing levels of responsibility involving principles, practices and techniques of Human Resources is required. The equivalent combination of education and Human Resources experience appropriate for the position may be considered. Human Resources experience must be from CA.Expert-level knowledge of federal, state (CA) and local employment laws related to compensation management, job description development, leave of absence administration, reasonable accommodation process, safety and Cal/OSHA compliance and Workers’ Compensation administration, and extensive experience in each of these areas of responsibility is required.PHR or SHRM-CP credential is highly desired. Additional specialized certifications/credentials related to these job functions is also preferred.Driving is an essential function of this job; will be required to furnish own vehicle to be used in the course of employment. A valid CA driver’s license and minimum insurance coverage is required.*Must be able to work remotely and at our physical location once we return to the work site.*Must be able to read, write, speak and understand the English language.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Strong analytical and linear problem-solving skills.Good mathematical skills and ability to use formulas accurately in Excel.Intermediate skill in MS Office, e-mail, Internet and HRMS (Paycom preferred).Ability to create and deliver management trainings in-person and virtually.Excellent organizational and time management skills; ability to work efficiently.Excellent attention to detail with the ability to maintain continuous focus for extended periods of time while performing all work accurately.Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment, to learn, retain information, multi-task, properly prioritize daily work and carry out duties with appropriate level of urgency.Sound judgment, adaptable, dependable, resourceful, innovative and creative.Ability to follow directions, policies and procedures, take initiative, research and resolve problems and complete projects through to the end; excellent follow-through.Ability to handle stressful/sensitive situations in a professional and diplomatic manner.Ability to communicate with tact and diplomacy and focus on solutions.Ability to maintain a professional and confidential work environment.Ability to work independently and in a team.Ability to utilize appropriate resources in performance of duties.Ability to effectively operate office equipment: phones, copiers, faxes, etc.Able to report to work on a regular and reliable basis.Ability to work a flexible schedule, including overtime, based on business needs.PLEASE NOTE: Passing the post-offer, pre-employment background process including fingerprinting and a drug test (includes marijuana) is required. Applicants who do not pass any part of the pre-employment process will have their offer of employment rescinded.Job Type: Full-time
22	30+ days ago	Amgen	Talent Scout - Global Commercial	"Career Category
Human Resources
Job Description
HOW MIGHT YOU DEFY IMAGINATION?
At Amgen, every challenge is an opportunity. And every opportunity brings the potential to change lives. Our shared mission—to serve patients—has driven our status as one of the world’s preeminent biotechnology companies, reaching over 10 million patients worldwide. Leverage your high-level expertise to lead and forge partnerships that advance the biotechnical and biopharmaceutical science that can turn the tide of serious, life-interrupting illnesses.
Talent Scout - Global Commercial Organization
Live
What you will do
Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role as a Talent Scout, you will build and maintain pipelines of future talents to join our Global Commercial Organization. The Talent Scout will report to the Talent Acquisition Lead Global Commercial Organization and play a principal role in developing and executing the overall talent scout strategy for the sales and marketing organization at Amgen. In partnership with Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Human Resource Business Partners, Talent Acquisition leaders, and Executive Recruiting Lead, the Talent Scout will gain business insights to create and implement an executive talent scouting program which will support forward looking succession plans and workforce needs as well as deliver talent acquisition advantages via relationship building, competitive intelligence, and industry knowledge.
Responsibilities
Drive the talent pipeline relationship by identifying and proactively engaging high potential talents and assessing their suitability for current and future opportunities to join Amgen
Facilitate information exchange to address and identify career aspirations
Plan curated, bespoke events and attend appropriate industry conferences
Develop and maintain metrics to measure success in role and return on investment
Share market intelligence to help shape talent and business strategies
Stay up to date on latest talent market trends, industry knowledge
Proactive creation and implementation of innovative methods to attract executive talent (social media, professional associations, industry conferences)
Knowledge of Candidate Relationship Management (CRM) tools such as SmashFly, Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) such as Workday, LinkedIn Recruiter, Microsoft Office Suite and AI sourcing technologies
Win
What we expect of you
We are all different, yet we all use our unique contributions to serve patients. The talent scout we seek is a recruitment professional with these qualifications.
Basic Qualifications
Doctorate degree OR
Master’s degree and 2 years of scouting, recruiting, sourcing experience OR
Bachelor’s degree and 4 years of scouting, recruiting, sourcing experience OR
Associate degree and 10 years of scouting, recruiting, sourcing experience OR
High school diploma / GED and 12 years of scouting, recruiting, sourcing experience
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
10+ years’ experience in an executive scouting, recruiting or sourcing role
Executive search firm experience
Biotech or Pharmaceutical industry experience
Expertise in sourcing and strategic talent mapping skills using various strategies via LinkedIn, Google, etc.
Able to demonstrate industry knowledge as well as quickly learn about executive level positions across the different functional areas of the organization
Executive presence, communication and presentation skills
Can gain trust and credibility quickly, maintain confidentiality and integrity
Experience with designing, implementing, and promoting a new process, position or capability
Creativity with both strategic solutions and tactical ideas
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and accommodate shifting priorities
Relationship builder with emotional intelligence and networking skills
Comfortable with ambiguity, self-motivated, persistent and drives for excellence
Attention to detail, organized and accountable
Experience with event planning and attendance at congresses and conferences
Ability to travel
Remote role, can be based anywhere in the US, must be willing to prioritize work hours during pacific time zone as company is headquartered in California
Thrive
What you can expect of us
As we work to develop treatments that take care of others, so we work to care for our teammates’ professional and personal growth and well-being.
Clear and disciplined strategic vision for the future that leverages superior-quality products, operational excellence and top-shelf-talent
Diverse and inclusive community of belonging, where teammates are empowered to bring ideas to the table and act
Generous Total Rewards Plan comprising health, finance and wealth, work/life balance, and career benefits
Our culture is what makes Amgen a special place to work. We have a powerful shared purpose around our mission – to serve patients. We respect one another, recognize contributions, and have embedded collaboration, trust, empowerment and inclusion in all that we do.
We equip all our staff members to live well-rounded, healthy lives. Most recently, Amgen added benefits for transgender employees and continues to pride itself on industry-leading, family-friendly offerings for families of all compositions.
Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and uses its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people’s lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be one of the world’s leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider you without regard to your race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
."
23	8 days ago	Progressive	Senior Recruiter - Corporate/IT	"Senior Recruiter - Corporate/IT

Job Number: 176836
Progressive’s Talent Acquisition Group has two exciting senior recruiter/talent advisor opportunities available, one supporting the recruiting efforts for Corporate roles and the other supporting the IT organization. In this role, you’ll leverage your talent acquisition expertise and market knowledge to support our staffing needs throughout your respective business group. You’ll own full life cycle recruiting, gaining exposure to multiple business units within Progressive. Managing a large requisition portfolio in a fast-paced environment, you’ll source, interview and present highly qualified, diverse candidate slates to your business partners. As a brand ambassador for Progressive, you’ll form strong relationships with business stakeholders and candidates to ensure a positive experience for everyone.
Location: Open to remote locations
Must have qualifications
Bachelor's degree and a minimum of 4 years of recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience
Instead of a bachelor’s degree, a minimum of 6 years of recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience

Preferred skills
Experience working in full life cycle recruiting including requisition management, resume review, candidate interviews and working within an applicant tracking system
Proven ability to create new and effective sourcing strategies for specific roles using a variety of sourcing techniques and resources
Ability to engage and influence candidates and business partners; customer-focused and collaborative with internal and external customers
Working and thriving in a matrix environment where resources are shared
Ability to recommend process improvements and lead projects with little guidance

Compensation
Salary Range: $65,000 - $85,000/year
Gainshare bonus up to 30% of your eligible earnings based on company performance

Benefits
401(k) with dollar-for-dollar company match up to 6%
Medical, dental & vision, including free preventative care
Wellness & mental health programs
Health care flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, & life insurance
Paid time off
Paid & unpaid sick leave where applicable, as well as short & long-term disability
Parental & family leave; military leave & pay
Diverse, inclusive & welcoming culture with Employee Resource Groups
Career development & tuition assistance
Onsite gym & healthcare at large locations

Equal Opportunity Employer

Job: Human Resources

Primary Location: United States-Ohio-Mayfield Village

Other Locations: United States-Florida-Tampa, United States-Colorado-Colorado Springs, United States-New York-Albany, United States-Texas-Austin

Schedule: Full-time

Employee Status: Regular

Work From Home: Yes"
24	6 days ago	Red Hat Software	Senior HR Business Partner - Marketing	"Job summary:

The Red Hat People (HR) team is looking for a Senior HR Business Partner to join us. In this role, you will partner with business customers by aligning our people strategy and Programs with their business needs. You’ll have the opportunity to actively implement and guide results on key talent management best practices, including performance and development, people management, leadership development, goal planning and alignment, change management and communication, total rewards and recognition, and engagement and retention. As a Senior HR Business Partner, you will work according to the priorities of the talent strategy set by the business customers and collaborate with our global HR partners. Successful applicants must reside in a state where Red Hat is registered to do business.
Primary job responsibilities:
Serve as a trusted adviser to internal stakeholders by developing solid relationships at all levels
Identify, integrate, and deliver effective HR services like talent management and development, organizational design and effectiveness, change management, strategic consultation and coaching, and associate engagement strategies
Serve as an ambassador of talent management and provide development coaching to leaders
Collaborate with your HR colleagues around the world on talent initiatives for the business
Partner closely with HR Centers of Excellence (CoEs) and global HR teams to ensure the successful design and implementation of HR solutions and programs across customer groups
Consult and coach customers around our total rewards philosophy and its application to guide quality decisions
Use our tools and knowledge and other information sources to identify business trends and ensure that appropriate CoE solutions are in place to support
Advise customers regarding promotion and career progression decisions, including effects on organizational design
Required skills:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in a related field
Experience working as a strategic HR business partner in a high-tech or high-growth business with global reach
Demonstrated history of inspiring senior-level customers globally to adopt best practices in HR
Ability to guide leaders through organizational effectiveness, design, and change initiatives
Compelling and naturally persuasive communication skills with the ability to shape the direction of the ultimate outcome in a collaborative manner; ability to communicate decisions in a style that reflects a team-oriented culture
Ability to understand business goals and recommend new approaches to affect continual improvements in business objectives, productivity, and development of HR within the company
Solid executive presence with excellent communication and operational instincts; good strategic skills and sound business judgment
Demonstrated competence in supporting multiple projects simultaneously with a solid focus on results
Dynamic leadership and interpersonal skills including persuasion, coaching, facilitation, and conflict resolution skills
#LI-REMOTE

About Red Hat:

Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver reliable and high-performing Linux, hybrid cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Red Hat helps customers integrate new and existing IT applications, develop cloud-native applications, standardize on our industry-leading operating system, and automate, secure, and manage complex environments. Award-winning support, training, and consulting services make Red Hat a trusted adviser to the Fortune 500. As a strategic partner to cloud providers, system integrators, application vendors, customers, and open source communities, Red Hat can help organizations prepare for the digital future.
Benefits
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care
Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan
Retirement 401(k) with employer match
Paid time off and holidays
Paid parental leave plans for all new parents
Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave
Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more!
Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States.
Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, uniformed services, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
Red Hat does not seek or accept unsolicited resumes or CVs from recruitment agencies. We are not responsible for, and will not pay, any fees, commissions, or any other payment related to unsolicited resumes or CVs except as required in a written contract between Red Hat and the recruitment agency or party requesting payment of a fee."
25	18 days ago	Stryker Corporation	Senior Talent Acquisition Business Partner	"About Stryker

Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with our customers, is driven to make healthcare better. We offer innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes. We are proud to be named one of the World’s Best Workplaces and a Best Workplace for Diversity by Fortune Magazine. Learn more about our award-winning organization by visiting stryker.com
This role can be 100% remote, or office out of a Stryker hub location.
What you will do
The Talent Acquisition Partner role is a full life cycle recruitment position responsible for partnering with Hiring Managers and HR to identify, attract and acquire top talent to support Stryker’s organizational needs. While not all encompassing, this role’s primary activities can be grouped into three main areas:
Recruit
Utilize your strength and passion in generating candidates by leveraging advanced recruiting tools and techniques to identify and acquire top talent
Define and execute the best candidate attraction strategies while leveraging the Talent Attraction team, and TA Insights/analytics
Articulate a compelling career opportunity based on the candidate’s motivation
Conduct initial phone screens with candidates to assess technical skills and cultural fit and skillfully present candidate match & value to hiring team
Ensure outstanding candidate experience throughout entire recruitment lifecycle
Be a subject matter expert in your area of recruitment through knowledge of market data and a strong understanding of Stryker’s business
Contribute to Social Media efforts and positively promote Stryker’s brand
Advise & Lead
Listen to and understand the needs and motivations of all stakeholders
Provide hiring teams expert guidance and consultation on recruitment process, policy, technology, industry trends and best practices
Advise and influence hiring managers with insightful market data that shapes recruitment approach and decision making
Communicate consistently and proactively to ensure alignment and remove barriers
Tactfully drive the hiring process to meet aggressive KPIs
Manage candidate / requisition lifecycle in ATS with highest accuracy and timeliness to ensure data integrity for reporting
 Innovate
Identify recruitment market trends, tools, technologies and best practices and share this information through the appropriate teams for assessment and adoption
What you need
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
Minimum 2 years of professional level full cycle recruiting experience
Experienced leveraging multiple recruitment tools / technologies
Preferred Qualifications
Preferred candidates will have a mix of agency and corporate recruitment experience
AIRS certification a plus
#LI-Remote
Know someone at Stryker?

Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program."
26	15 days ago	Harley-Davidson	Sr Professional Indirect Procurement - HR Services - Remote Eligible	"Auto req ID: 9664
Title: Sr Professional Indirect Procurement - HR Services - Remote Eligible
Job Function: Materials and Procurement
Company: Harley-Davidson Motor Company
Full or Part-Time: Full Time
Shift: SHIFT1
At Harley-Davidson, we are building more than machines. It’s our passion and commitment to continue the evolution of this storied brand, and heighten the desirability of the Harley-Davidson experience. To keep building our legend and leading our industry through innovation, evolution, and emotion we need the best and brightest talent. We stand for the timeless pursuit of adventure. Freedom for the soul. Are you ready to join us?
The Harley-Davidson Motor Company Corporate Headquarters in Milwaukee, WI is the site where the first H-D factory - a wooden shed - was built in 1903 in the backyard of the William C. Davidson family home. Join our team as a Sr Professional Indirect Procurement - HR Services - Remote Eligible.
Senior Professional Supply Management – Indirect Procurement
Harley-Davidson Motor Company
Since 1903, our bold and unique purpose has been fulfilling dreams of personal freedom for our customers – and we live our purpose every day. It's more than just a business to us. Our passion for our products and loyalty to our millions of riders and fans worldwide inspire us to deliver premium motorcycles, parts and accessories, apparel, and unmistakable and unmatched experiences.
Join our team as a Senior Professional Supply Management within the Indirect Procurement team to support Human Resources services located at Juneau Ave in Milwaukee, WI. The position will lead the development and execution of category plans and sourcing strategies that include industry trends, spend analytics, project pipeline, cost savings and resource planning activities.
This is what you’ll do:
Negotiate complex professional services agreements and statements of work.
Engage and collaborate with internal Legal, Risk and Security departments to ensure contract agreement compliance pertaining to legal implications; terms and conditions required to protect the company.
Develop and execute cost savings strategies to support company goals and departmental commitments.
Deliver value to the organization through developing RFx documents, evaluating supplier proposals (scope, cost, timing, resource modeling, risk, etc.), supplier recommendation and qualification to ensure project success.
Experience Required:
The successful candidate will have a minimum of five (5) years of demonstrated performance in technical competencies of Indirect Procurement and contract management with an emphasis in Human Resources or Professional Services. In addition, they will have demonstrated experience in the following:
Excellent prioritization and project management skills.
Ability to lead through indirect influence.
Exposure to a global supply base.
Build and maintain strong relationships based on trust, credibility, clear expectations and open communication.
Strong negotiation skills necessary to seek appropriate cost, quality, and timing positions with suppliers.
Professional, clear, and effective communication to a variety of stakeholders via various communication mediums (written and/or verbal).
Preferred Education
This position prefers a bachelor's degree in supply chain, marketing, business administration, or equivalent.
Position will require up to 5-10% travel for supplier visits, conferences etc.
We offer an inclusive compensation package for all full-time salaried employees including, but not limited to, annual bonus programs, health insurance benefits, a 401k program, onsite fitness centers and employee stores, employee discounts on products and accessories, and more. We welcome everybody to join our family and be united no matter who you are or where you come from. Learn more about Harley-Davidson here.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.
Direct Reports: No
Travel Required: 0 - 10%
Visa Sponsorship: This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship
Relocation: This position is not eligible for relocation assistance"
27	1 day ago	naviHealth, Inc.	Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner - IT Recruiter (Remote)	"Overview:

Job Summary
The Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner (IT) is responsible for hiring top talent to sustain and grow naviHealth and is critical to our hiring and People and Culture strategy. The position owns full lifecycle recruiting for a high-volume of all levels of positions from front line staff to executive leadership. This role is a strategic partner to our business leaders and works to forecast staffing needs, design creative sourcing strategies to recruit top talent, and manage the hiring processes from initiating searches to offer acceptance.
Responsibilities
Identify and source top talent as a part of our recruiting team.
Partner with leadership to understand strategic business objectives and organizational design in order to develop strategies that will meet current and future staffing needs.
Create job requisitions and gain appropriate approvals to fill positions.
Create and execute on leading edge sourcing strategies.
Identify, pre-screen, and qualify candidates for in-person interviews.
Utilize and manage the resources necessary to accomplish recruiting goals and objectives including gathering and preparing documentation with regards to all candidate interactions.
Document all recruitment related activity in accordance with the established expectations and maintain applicant tracking database for reporting purposes.
Manage the interview process and maintain relationships through continuous written and oral communication with managers and candidates.
Provide coaching and training to Hiring Mangers related to effective interviewing and selection practices
Following established service levels to maintain exceptional client service, meet the needs of Hiring Managers and create a best in class candidate experience.
Maintain knowledge of the latest sourcing and recruiting methods/technologies.
Identify and communicate opportunities for recruiting and retention system and operational quality improvements.
Improve organization attractiveness by keeping abreast of industry trends, compensation packages, and best practices.
Work with Hiring Managers, HRBPs, and Compensation Team to create strategic closing plans, negotiate compensation packages, and present offers to sign top candidates.
Collaborate with other internal recruiters on recruiting best practices, sourcing, and client collaboration.
Build relationships, obtain referrals, and maintain a talented pipeline of candidates.
Assist in training and ongoing mentorship of Talent Acquisition Team.
Participate in special projects/recruiting initiatives, including assessment of best practices in interviewing techniques, leveraging of internal sources of talent, and identification of top performers.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Human Resources, or related field or experience in lieu of degree
6 - 8 years of experience in corporate recruiting or staffing firm recruiting
At least 3 year experience recruiting in the IT space
Experience using an applicant tracking and HRIS systems; experience using iCIMS is a plus
Ability to work independently, be flexible to a changing environment, and thrive in a high recruitment volume role
Ability to be proactive and a forward thinker
Strong attention to detail, planning, and organization skills
Great teamwork and positive attitude
Excellent written and communication skills
High-volume recruiting experience
Proficiency using Microsoft Suite include Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Specialization in Corporate positions: accounting, finance, marketing, etc.
About naviHealth
naviHealth is improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live more fulfilling lives. For nearly a decade, naviHealth has been a trusted partner for the nation’s top health plans, health systems, and at-risk physician groups navigating the shift from volume to value. Powered by a predictive technology and decision support platform that provides clinicians and care teams with evidence-based protocols, naviHealth’s high-touch, proven care model fully supports patients from pre-acute through to the home. With naviHealth, patients can enjoy more days at home, and healthcare providers and health plans can significantly reduce costs specific to unnecessary care and readmissions. For more information about naviHealth, visit navihealth.com.
Our Purpose
Improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live a more fulfilling life
Our Values
Rooted in respect
Guided by purpose

Devoted to service

Energized by impact
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by colleagues assigned to this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive list of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications. naviHealth reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.
naviHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable laws and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."
28	30+ days ago	Recur	VP of People	"Recur is building the future of digital collectibles on-chain, known as Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) – the newest Unicorn industry.
Global brands are interested in venturing into NFTs to establish new connections with their fans. However, they are very careful about who they work with, especially in the cutting-edge world of blockchain. RECUR is founded by the perfect blend of leaders in the brand licensing space and technology leaders from top cryptocurrency exchanges, digital asset trading desks, financial institutions, and blockchain software companies. Investors include Joseph Lubin, co-founder of Ethereum, Gary Vaynerchuk, Winklevoss Twins, Courtside VC, Hashed, and many more.

Recur is seeking a VP of People to join its team full time. This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast-growing team, where you will work with some of the largest brands in the world on innovative, creative projects in the nascent and growing NFT space.
What you will do at RECUR
Build out Recur’s People team to include dedicated groups focused on talent acquisition and internal employee-facing functions (e.g. compensation, performance reviews, career development, goal alignment).
Develop Recur’s approach to hiring, with an emphasis on rigorous candidate assessment and elevating our brand as an employer.
Implement Recur’s People systems, including onboarding and programs that enable professional growth and fulfillment for all employees.
Own all aspects of People operations including policy writing and implementation, employee matters, compensation and rewards, payroll and benefits, learning and development, talent acquisition, and employee experience.
Work closely with leadership on the People-related aspects of the business and help find opportunities for Recur’s growth.
Create procedures and systems to ensure Recur is optimized for seamless remote onboarding.
Help leadership shape its vision and ensure Recur has a strong set of values, principles, and culture shared amongst team members.
Evaluate and improve upon all People processes and metrics, with a consistent focus on identifying opportunities to streamline and automate existing processes.
What you bring to RECUR
7+ years of experience leading People, Talent, and HR functions at high-growth technology companies.
Have led the People function at the ground level in a rapidly scaling business.
Experience leading and building a distributed team.
Knowledge of multi-jurisdictional employment laws, regulations, and HR compliance requirements.
A focus on automating and streamlining the workflows of the People, Talent, and HR functions.
Broad technical People expertise and experience building and managing a full suite of People team software and processes, including Recruiting, Talent Management, Payroll, and Compensation & Benefits.
Experience building organizational design systems in a multi-function business with both B2B and B2C components.
Experience working in technical and creative industries, including video games, social media, and enterprise software is preferred."
29	27 days ago	D-H Lebanon-D-H Clinic	Senior Benefits Analyst (FT), Remote Opportunity	"This is a remote position with monthly travel to Lebanon NH

Position Summary:

Responsible for compliant administration of the organization’s retirement plans (defined benefit, defined contribution and supplemental retirement plan)

Responsibilities:

Ensure ERISA, DOL, PBGC and IRS compliance for all Retirement Plans
Serve as subject matter expert to inform retirement strategy development
Prepare retirement calculations/packets for the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Clinic Defined Benefit Plan
Monitor and ensure all retirement audits, reconciliations, valuations and fundings are completed accurately and timely, including any necessary corrections
Ensure enrollment information is sent to eligible participants in a timely manner, counsel employees regarding retirement benefits and provide subject matter expertise for resolution of escalated retirement inquiries from our Benefits Service Center
Process retirement paperwork including entry into pension payer’s system for retiree payment and elections. Update Benefits system with retirement information
Liaison between vendors and employees to resolve questions and problems for both Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans
Work with the organization’s third party vendors to prepare and present retirement seminars
Review communications related to retirement plans, ensure Plan Documents, Summary Plan Descriptions and other retirement related information are updated appropriately and timely
Ensure accurate and timely processing of Supplemental Retirement Plan benefits for Highly Compensated Employees
Assist with annual retirement audits in preparation of the financials and associated Form 5500 filings
Review reports for the Defined Contribution 403(b)/401(a)/457(b) plans and works with internal and external partners to resolve any issues
Play key role in execution of annuity purchases and bulk lump sum offers; facilitate split dollar life processing
Performs other duties as required or assigned.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree with 10 years’ experience in retirement plan administration
Must possess initiative, interpersonal relationship skills, and the ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, handle periodically heavy workload, and function with limited supervision
Proficient in data manipulation in Microsoft Excel (Pivot, vlookup, charting)
Strong customer service skills/mindset
Must have ability to maintain strict confidentiality of information handled


Required Licensure/Certification Skills:

None"
30	5 days ago	MindPoint Group, LLC	Senior Technical Recruiter	"Company Description
MindPoint Group delivers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions, services, and products. We are the trusted cybersecurity advisors to key government and commercial decision-makers and support security operations for some of the most security-conscious organizations globally. We design and implement innovative security solutions to identify and defend against today’s risks and tomorrow’s attacks.
We believe that helping organizations operate from the best security posture possible requires automation. Empowering our employees to excel and providing them with the means to do so enables us to consistently exceed our clients’ expectations.
Unlike many IT consultancies, we’re not a body shop. Our client engagements are challenging and growth-oriented. Our relationship with you is for the long run because, in this business, your success is our success. That’s why we treat investments in employees as investments in the company itself, which is why we offer fantastic benefits (healthcare, generous PTO, paid maternity and paternity leave, and tuition reimbursement, to name a few).
But you’ll want to work here for reasons that can’t be written into an offer letter—the challenge, growth opportunities, and most important: the culture of a company that cares about you.
We are an established, profitable, and growing company that promises you the following:
A diverse organization.
A safe workplace with zero tolerance for discrimination and harassment of any kind.
A balanced work life. Seriously.
Potential of a flexible schedule, depending on the specific customer.
A leadership team focused on your professional growth and development.

Job Description
We are seeking a savvy Technical Recruiter that will help set the standards of company excellence by recruiting the most qualified personnel for the company. Not only will the candidate cultivate and draw top-notch cybersecurity professionals in the field; the candidate will also help further MindPoint Group brand recognition as a cybersecurity thought leader and an employer of choice. This will involve full life-cycle recruiting and the ability to build strong relationships with hiring managers, executives, candidates, and the community at large. The Technical Recruiter will perform the following duties:
Identify staff vacancies, prepare and post position descriptions and recruit, interview and provide recommendations for follow-on interviews to executive management for qualified candidates and assist with all other matters related to the hiring process.
Prepare weekly personnel reports to project employment needs and recruiting efforts.
Oversee day-to-day tasks of full-cycle recruiting for government and commercial client contracts.
Coordinate with Contracts POC and Program Manager to develop position descriptions for new open positions.
Utilize Applicant Tracking System (ATS) to access, review, interview and hire technical candidates.
Provide on-site support to the management team to aggressively source candidates through both active and passive methods.
Pre-screen candidates and provide detailed information on position requirements.
Submitting background checks, coordinating candidate start details, and following up with the hiring manager and/or candidate after offer letter has been signed/accepted.
Utilize creative marketing, sourcing strategies, and techniques to attract key talent, to include but not limited to utilizing the following sourcing efforts: internet advertising, social media, employee referrals, attendance at career and job fairs, cold calling, and serve as a corporate liaison with schools and universities.
Manage scheduling and logistics for all interviews between candidates and hiring managers.
Provide weekly status reports to the HR Manager and ensure that candidate tracking up-to-date and accurate.
Managing day-to-day customer service interaction with Program Managers, including daily information flow, problem-solving, and training for online system use, with a focus on continuous process improvements.
Responsible for updating and managing data within ATS.
At the discretion of the Director of Corp Ops, support other Ops activities as needed.

Qualifications

US Citizenship required
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience.
Strong GovCon/Proposal recruiting experience required.
Experience with/exposure to Cyber recruiting required.
4 years of experience recruiting professionals in a corporate or agency environment.
Full life-cycle technology recruiting including, sourcing, qualifying, networking, assessing, job analysis, offers, closing and relationship management.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to interface effectively with professionals at all levels.
Demonstrate strategic thinking and planning ability, strong business acumen, and the ability to function in a fast-paced and innovative environment is a MUST.
Ability to learn quickly, grasp new concepts and work independently with minimal guidance.
Ability to contribute to the development of creative business strategies by offering up unique ideas in a collaborative manner.
Must possess excellent organizational skills.
Strong time management skills with the ability to multi-task.
Previous experience managing a high-volume requisition workload of open IT positions.
Results-driven and comfortable working in a high performance, metrics-driven recruiting environment.
Demonstrated proficiency working with various ATS Systems.
Can embrace a collaborative, fun, and dynamic company culture.
Excellent project management, organizational, writing, and oral communication skills.
Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines
Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled"
31	26 days ago	Harley-Davidson	Senior Recruiter (open to remote work)	"Auto req ID: 9590
Title: Senior Recruiter (open to remote work)
Job Function: Human Resources
Company: Harley-Davidson Motor Company
Full or Part-Time: Full Time
Shift: SHIFT1
At Harley-Davidson, we are building more than machines. It’s our passion and commitment to continue the evolution of this storied brand, and heighten the desirability of the Harley-Davidson experience. To keep building our legend and leading our industry through innovation, evolution, and emotion we need the best and brightest talent. We stand for the timeless pursuit of adventure. Freedom for the soul. Are you ready to join us? Join our team as a Senior Recruiter (open to remote work).
Job Summary
The Sr. Recruiter will be responsible for managing the full recruiting process from discovery with the hiring manager, through sourcing/screening, interview, offer process and up to onboarding for the LiveWire brand.
Job Responsibilities
Recruiting Leadership: Serves as the lead talent acquisition expert for assigned business units. Partners with hiring managers and business leaders to identify qualified candidates, seeks feedback and makes hiring recommendations. Educates and communicates appropriate expectations to and influence hiring managers and Human Resources business partners regarding the talent acquisition process.
Talent Networks: Develops sourcing strategies to fill open positions as well as create a talent pipeline for future business needs. Builds and maintains professional networks (Affinity groups, User groups, community organizations), and social networking (LinkedIn, Twitter, Google).
Candidate Experience: Partners with the Talent Acquisition recruitment coordinator to ensure all candidates are getting the best candidate experience. Single point of contact for candidates through the recruitment process.
Data Analytics: Understand the key metrics that impact talent acquisition and the business. Use data to explain roadblocks in the recruiting process and recommend solutions. Provide regular updates to your business units on key Human Resources metrics
Continuous Improvement: Participate in and lead various projects within talent acquisition to improve the overall talent acquisition process.
Education Requirements
Bachelor's Degree Preferred
Education Specifications
Degree in Human Resources or related area Preferred.
Experience Requirements
Required
Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience.
Experience in full lifecycle recruiting of professional positions in a corporate environment, including experience developing creative and innovative sourcing strategies.
Ability to build relationships with hiring managers at all levels of the organization
Experience identifying and maintaining relationships with passive candidates; social media enthusiast.
Excellent communication skills, written and verbal.
Ability to maintain a high level of confidentiality.
We offer an inclusive compensation package for all full-time salaried employees including, but not limited to, annual bonus programs, health insurance benefits, a 401k program, onsite fitness centers and employee stores, employee discounts on products and accessories, and more. We welcome everybody to join our family and be united no matter who you are or where you come from. Learn more about Harley-Davidson here.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.
Direct Reports: No
Travel Required: 0 - 10%
Visa Sponsorship: This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship
Relocation: This position is not eligible for relocation assistance"
32	5 days ago	CBRE	Sr Employment Recruiter - Remote	"Posted
27-05-2021
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Location(s)
Remote - US - Remote - US - United States of America
JOB SUMMARY

Leads significant staffing initiatives, providing strategic recruitment, selection, placement support and direction to assigned client groups. Consults with managers to develop recruiting plans and programs to achieve business goals.



ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Maintains effective working relationships with all levels of company management to ensure staffing coverage of human resources (HR) needs.

Develops and implements, under minimal supervision, recruiting/sourcing strategies and processes to support the hiring and business needs of the corporation.


Recommends qualified candidates to hiring managers and HR Generalists for regular professional and administrative/support positions after interviewing candidates and assessing strength of qualifications against job requirements. May extend job offer and negotiate terms.

Monitors staffing processes to ensure regulatory compliance. Supports internal job posting and transfers program. Coordinates the development of recruitment advertising.

Coaches, mentors and provides training to recruiters and associate recruiters. Acts as backup support to other recruiting staff, including the Manager.

Recommends process enhancements based on analysis of quarterly staffing summary reports.

Verifies pre-employment hiring documentation and reviews hiring decision. Evaluates and adjudicates pre-employment background checks.


Counsels and trains managers and employees on staffing processes, regulatory compliance and career planning.

Leads key initiatives and manages larger scale/impact programs, including diversity initiatives, transitions and special interest areas.


Identifies and develops sources for qualified candidates by establishing relationships with placement agencies, colleges, universities, technical schools, diversity community agencies, etc.

Performs other duties as assigned.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance and/or training to coworkers. May lead project teams, and/or plan and supervise assignments of lower level employees.
QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.


Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from 4-year college or university in human resources or related field or comparable combination of education and experience. Minimum of 5 years of full lifecycle staffing or recruiting required.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

None

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, salaries and commissions.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to act independently upon information and make decisions that achieve optimal results. Ability to solve problems involving several options. Ability to research information and analyze data, arrive at valid conclusions and make recommendations and plan of action.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Fully competent in specific HR concepts with emphasis on staffing processes, internal HR policies, employment law and interviewing techniques or equivalent demonstrated skills and abilities. Strong personal computer skills using Microsoft Office, Internet software, and human resources information system (HRIS) and applicant tracking system (ATS) applications. Demonstrated knowledge of basic human resource functions such as compensation, benefits, employee/labor relations, training and development.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with thorough understanding of procedures, company policies and business practices to achieve general results and deadlines. Responsible for setting work unit and/or project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to department."
33	9 days ago	Vaxxinity	Sr. HR Business Partner	"Job Description
Sr. HR Business Partner

Location: Remote, Experience: 7-10 years, Type: Full-time Exempt
Reports to: Head of HR
Vaxxinity is a clinical-stage immunotherapeutic company formed through the combination of COVAXX and United Neuroscience, two independent subsidiaries of United Biomedical (one of the leading vaccine companies in the world consisting of seven operating entities). Led by a female CEO, in an informal values-driven start-up culture, Vaxxinity will control half a dozen development candidates targeting neurologic disorders, hypercholesterolemia and COVID-19. Vaxxinity is currently pre-selling and ramping up production and distribution for hundreds of millions of COVID-19 vaccines.
You will collaborate with a group of inspiring colleagues all over the globe who are working on disruptive projects, solving big problems and having a huge impact on the world. Vaxxinity is an international company, operating remotely from day one across several countries and team members worldwide. Expect to grow, expect to be challenged, and expect the unexpected as we embark on this journey of democratizing health for all the world’s citizens.

Role

We are looking for a talented and highly motivated Sr. Human Resources Business Partner. This is a position requiring solid experience with HR practices and employee management in Biotech industry. Individuals suited for this position will communicate with senior managers to express new ideas and suggest solutions, considering budget limitations and our culture. Vaxxinity is a fast-paced bio-technology company that is growing quickly to serve the needs of our patients.


Responsibilities (duties are not limited to the below and may evolve over time depending on business needs and individual expertise)

Partner with leadership to align HR strategy to business strategy
Analyze trends and metrics and provide reporting to HR, Finance, Operations
Provide day-to-day coaching to leadership on a variety of actions to include employee relations issues, policy interpretation and application; and organizational design consultation.
Conducts ongoing supply and demand analysis on current and future state staffing and skill needs and designs talent acquisition strategies to meet those needs.
Works with Compensation analyst to align job descriptions to market and actively participates in annual budget planning/labor forecasting
With recruiter, enable talent acquisition, ensuring lead candidates are extended market offers, receive pre and onboarding activities that allow new hires to quickly move into their roles.
Execute Performance Management cycle activities with the business (promotion, performance, development, etc)
Suggest new HR strategies for business growth and workforce expansion
Education / Experience

Minimum 7-10 years of experience in HR required in biotech (a must)
BA/BS
SHRM or other HR credentials a plus


Knowledge / Skills / Abilities


Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong interpersonal/group skills; capable of working collaboratively with colleagues in all functions.
High Business Acumen
Understands and thrives in growth/change environment.
High standard of professional ethics, integrity and trust.
Excellent planning, organizational and prioritizing skills with ability to multi-task.
Consistently high professional image and demeanor.
Proficiency in the use of MS Word, Excel and other appropriate software programs.
Values

Be science-driven
Communicate clearly, openly and respectfully
Unite in teams and collaborations
Learn and help others learn
Act with integrity
Get sh*t done
Location
Remote, US
Department
Human Resources
Employment Type
Full-Time
Minimum Experience
Senior Manager/Supervisor"
34	8 days ago	Progressive	Senior Recruiter - Corporate/IT	"Senior Recruiter - Corporate/IT

Job Number: 176836
Progressive’s Talent Acquisition Group has two exciting senior recruiter/talent advisor opportunities available, one supporting the recruiting efforts for Corporate roles and the other supporting the IT organization. In this role, you’ll leverage your talent acquisition expertise and market knowledge to support our staffing needs throughout your respective business group. You’ll own full life cycle recruiting, gaining exposure to multiple business units within Progressive. Managing a large requisition portfolio in a fast-paced environment, you’ll source, interview and present highly qualified, diverse candidate slates to your business partners. As a brand ambassador for Progressive, you’ll form strong relationships with business stakeholders and candidates to ensure a positive experience for everyone.
Location: Open to remote locations
Must have qualifications
Bachelor's degree and a minimum of 4 years of recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience
Instead of a bachelor’s degree, a minimum of 6 years of recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience

Preferred skills
Experience working in full life cycle recruiting including requisition management, resume review, candidate interviews and working within an applicant tracking system
Proven ability to create new and effective sourcing strategies for specific roles using a variety of sourcing techniques and resources
Ability to engage and influence candidates and business partners; customer-focused and collaborative with internal and external customers
Working and thriving in a matrix environment where resources are shared
Ability to recommend process improvements and lead projects with little guidance

Compensation
Salary Range: $65,000 - $85,000/year
Gainshare bonus up to 30% of your eligible earnings based on company performance

Benefits
401(k) with dollar-for-dollar company match up to 6%
Medical, dental & vision, including free preventative care
Wellness & mental health programs
Health care flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, & life insurance
Paid time off
Paid & unpaid sick leave where applicable, as well as short & long-term disability
Parental & family leave; military leave & pay
Diverse, inclusive & welcoming culture with Employee Resource Groups
Career development & tuition assistance
Onsite gym & healthcare at large locations

Equal Opportunity Employer

Job: Human Resources

Primary Location: United States-Ohio-Mayfield Village

Other Locations: United States-Florida-Tampa, United States-Colorado-Colorado Springs, United States-New York-Albany, United States-Texas-Austin

Schedule: Full-time

Employee Status: Regular

Work From Home: Yes"
35	6 days ago	Red Hat Software	Senior HR Business Partner - Marketing	"Job summary:

The Red Hat People (HR) team is looking for a Senior HR Business Partner to join us. In this role, you will partner with business customers by aligning our people strategy and Programs with their business needs. You’ll have the opportunity to actively implement and guide results on key talent management best practices, including performance and development, people management, leadership development, goal planning and alignment, change management and communication, total rewards and recognition, and engagement and retention. As a Senior HR Business Partner, you will work according to the priorities of the talent strategy set by the business customers and collaborate with our global HR partners. Successful applicants must reside in a state where Red Hat is registered to do business.
Primary job responsibilities:
Serve as a trusted adviser to internal stakeholders by developing solid relationships at all levels
Identify, integrate, and deliver effective HR services like talent management and development, organizational design and effectiveness, change management, strategic consultation and coaching, and associate engagement strategies
Serve as an ambassador of talent management and provide development coaching to leaders
Collaborate with your HR colleagues around the world on talent initiatives for the business
Partner closely with HR Centers of Excellence (CoEs) and global HR teams to ensure the successful design and implementation of HR solutions and programs across customer groups
Consult and coach customers around our total rewards philosophy and its application to guide quality decisions
Use our tools and knowledge and other information sources to identify business trends and ensure that appropriate CoE solutions are in place to support
Advise customers regarding promotion and career progression decisions, including effects on organizational design
Required skills:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in a related field
Experience working as a strategic HR business partner in a high-tech or high-growth business with global reach
Demonstrated history of inspiring senior-level customers globally to adopt best practices in HR
Ability to guide leaders through organizational effectiveness, design, and change initiatives
Compelling and naturally persuasive communication skills with the ability to shape the direction of the ultimate outcome in a collaborative manner; ability to communicate decisions in a style that reflects a team-oriented culture
Ability to understand business goals and recommend new approaches to affect continual improvements in business objectives, productivity, and development of HR within the company
Solid executive presence with excellent communication and operational instincts; good strategic skills and sound business judgment
Demonstrated competence in supporting multiple projects simultaneously with a solid focus on results
Dynamic leadership and interpersonal skills including persuasion, coaching, facilitation, and conflict resolution skills
#LI-REMOTE

About Red Hat:

Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver reliable and high-performing Linux, hybrid cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Red Hat helps customers integrate new and existing IT applications, develop cloud-native applications, standardize on our industry-leading operating system, and automate, secure, and manage complex environments. Award-winning support, training, and consulting services make Red Hat a trusted adviser to the Fortune 500. As a strategic partner to cloud providers, system integrators, application vendors, customers, and open source communities, Red Hat can help organizations prepare for the digital future.
Benefits
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care
Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan
Retirement 401(k) with employer match
Paid time off and holidays
Paid parental leave plans for all new parents
Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave
Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more!
Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States.
Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, uniformed services, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
Red Hat does not seek or accept unsolicited resumes or CVs from recruitment agencies. We are not responsible for, and will not pay, any fees, commissions, or any other payment related to unsolicited resumes or CVs except as required in a written contract between Red Hat and the recruitment agency or party requesting payment of a fee."
36	30+ days ago	FLEXE, Inc.	Senior HR Business Partner	"Flexe solves the hardest omnichannel logistics problems for the world’s largest retailers and brands. Integrating technology, open logistics networks, and elastic economic models allows Flexe customers to move fast, at scale, and with precision. Founded in 2013 and headquartered in Seattle, Flexe brings deep logistics expertise and enterprise-grade technology to deliver innovative eCommerce fulfillment, retail distribution, same-day delivery, and network capacity programs to the Fortune 500. Flexe is transforming the $1.5T logistics industry. For more information, please visit flexe.com
FLEXE is on a mission to create the open logistic platform which optimizes the global movement of goods. As a Sr. Human Resource Business Partner at FLEXE you will play a key role supporting the growth of our teams, developing our leadership and cultivating the FLEXE culture. In this role you will partner on strategic people initiatives and build out programs to scale to the needs of our business.
The Human Resources Business Partner will interface with all levels of the organization and demonstrate excellent communication skills, strategic thinking and planning, strong business acumen, and the ability to function in a highly dynamic, fast paced environment. Ideally, this candidate will have 5-8 years experience (tech/startup experience strongly preferred) and a willingness to jump in, collaborate with people leaders in a consultative role to help them work with teams to achieve results. The right candidate is able to work with ambiguity, balance competing priorities, and driving results while facilitating the best decisions for employees and the business.
Responsibilities
Provide strategic business partnership and coaching to all levels of the organization in areas of talent management, organizational design and employee relations.
Partner with leaders on performance management and calibration, engagement, retention, workforce planning, and learning and development.
Champion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments the company has made.
Identify practices that enable employee engagement and create a culture of inclusion
Document and execute internal HR processes from sending offer letters and onboarding new hires, to processing role changes and finalizing termination details, all with an eye of making these processes better, scalable, and more efficient.
Minimum Qualifications
5-8 years progressive HR generalist experience in fast-paced technology company
Demonstrates experience as a trusted team member who is able to collaborate across teams to plan for core people processes
Diagnosing performance issues with the business and working with business leaders to design and implement solutions
Developing talent and succession plans for critical pipelines and leadership roles
Leading analysis of the employee experience: job satisfaction and engagement, organizational health and effectiveness and driving action plans to improve wherever, whenever needed
Engaging and effective presentation, negotiation, conflict management and problem-solving skills
Exceptional listening skills and ability to relate to, influence, and coach employees of all levels in the organization.
Advancing diversity & inclusion efforts for the business by working with leadership to create and implement plans to ensure that the work environment enables all team members of differing backgrounds to be successful and deliver strong impact to the business
Demonstrates ability to manage human resources at both the strategic and tactical levels
Experience developing processes and working in a rapid-paced environment
Excellent written and verbal communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations for action based on the analysis.
SPHR or SHRM-SCP Certification Preferred
Bachelor's degree, or equivalent experience
#LI-Remote
Benefits:
The benefits package at Flexe is thoughtfully designed to help people lead healthy lives in and outside of work.
Health benefits for individual:-Dental and vision are covered 100%-Medical is covered 100% for HSA or a small premium for PPO.401k Matching ProgramInternet Stipend, while we're 100% work from home$300 Work from home office reimbursement20 days of PTO
13 Total Holidays-10 company holidays (We've added Juneteenth to our list of holidays observed)-2 floating holidays-Take your birthday off!
Paid Parental Leave & Bereavement Leave
Paid Volunteer TimeIndustry learning initiatives with talks, demos, site visits. Etc.
Working at Flexe:
Here are a few perks that make day to day work at Flexe even more enjoyable:
Choice of MacBook or PC and monitor setup, and height adjustable standing deskLocated in historic Pioneer Square; restaurants, bars, shops, and mass transit hubPhilanthroFlexe program. A quarterly program where we give back to the community through volunteer work, fundraising drives, etc.

Other benefits available when in-office:
Bike lockers and showersFully stocked pantry and beverage fridgeBake-off challengesTeam sports such as Kickball, Softball, etc.
Flexe participates in E-Verify, an employment authorization program through the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration.
Flexe is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status."
37	30+ days ago	Chainlink Labs	Senior HR Business Partner	"This is a career-defining opportunity to be a part of a fast-growing tech company that is successfully implementing a key piece of the world’s blockchain infrastructure that will power the digital agreements of the future.
In this leadership position as the Sr. HR Business Partner, you will work closely with leadership teams on engagement, employee development, policy, compensation, and performance management initiatives. As a key member of our team, you will directly influence the growth & scaling of our organization. We are looking for someone with deep expertise and leadership in people operations, who is seeking a strategic role in a high growth, incredibly fast-paced company focused on achieving best in class employee experience through a culture of continuous improvement. We are currently hiring for two HRBP's, one would work with engineering and one with marketing.
Your Impact
Implement and contribute to Global HR initiatives and improve processes
Work closely with leadership teams to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention
Provide guidance and input on department structure, workforce planning, and succession planning for a rapidly growing team
Design and execute HR initiatives that make the organization more effective, e.g. performance evaluation, retention and employee development
Participate in strategic discussions and decisions by gaining an understanding of the organization
Provide coaching/guidance on skill & professional development, career pathing and leveling, change management, and organization design
Work directly with the company’s founders and senior executives to inform long-term strategy
Requirements
7+ years of experience in growth organizations in a related role
Working knowledge of HR operations including new-hire on-boarding, facilitating performance evaluations, and HRIS management
Proven track record of strategic people operation’s leadership successExpertise in people/HR policies & procedures - and a track record of prioritizing, defining, developing, and rolling out scalable HR solutions that address the needs of the business.
Experience collaborating with various HR disciplines including compensation, recruiting, immigration, employee relations, and talent management.
Passionate, self-starter with a can-do attitude. You're eager to jump in and get things done, but don't get flustered in a fast-paced and often changing environment.
Strong work ethic and ability to multitask, prioritize, and follow through on numerous projects simultaneously
A thoughtful partner who can demonstrate good balance of emotional intelligence with pragmatic judgement
Desired/Optional Qualifications
Familiarity with blockchains, smart contracts and other decentralized systems
Experience working in a tech startup, and/or blockchain company
Chainlink is the industry standard oracle network for connecting smart contracts to the real world. With Chainlink, developers can build hybrid smart contracts that combine on-chain code with an extensive collection of secure off-chain services powered by Decentralized Oracle Networks. Managed by a global, decentralized community of hundreds of thousands of people, Chainlink is introducing a fairer model for contracts. Its network currently secures billions of dollars in value for smart contracts across the decentralized finance (DeFi), insurance, and gaming ecosystems, among others. The full vision of the Chainlink Network can be found in the Chainlink 2.0 whitepaper. Chainlink is trusted by hundreds of organizations—from global enterprises to projects at the forefront of the blockchain economy—to deliver definitive truth via secure, reliable data.
This role is location agnostic anywhere in the world, but we ask that you overlap some working hours with Eastern Standard Time (EST).
We are a fully distributed team and have the tools and benefits to support you in your remote work environment.
Chainlink Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
#LI-Remote"
38	30+ days ago	Pros.	Senior HR Compliance Analyst	"Senior HR Compliance Analyst
PROS helps organizations to evolve their selling and business processes to meet the needs of buyers who are increasingly expecting faster, more personalized, and more intelligent experiences.
Reporting to the Director of Total Rewards the Senior HR Compliance Analyst is responsible for planning and managing internal audits, advisory projects, and testing of internal controls for the Company’s effort to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX).
A Day in the Life of the Senior HR Compliance Analyst :
Serves as a subject matter expert on global HR compliance, builds and governs compliance controls, leads a regular audit cadence for various risk areas within the HR function, and oversees our quality and data and analytics functions.
Provide internal audit services which include assisting in the planning, monitoring, and reporting of key controls regarding Sarbanes-Oxley for HR, assisting in the planning and execution of internal audits, and assisting in preparing audit reports.
Plan and conduct SOX activities including planning, scoping, scheduling, testing, and remediation with internal process owners, external auditors, and co-source resources.
Manage SOX compliance data to ensure completion by process owners of new process documentation, changes to existing documentation, and manage business segment processes, control, and testing information.
Evaluate all key risks, controls, and related processes, recommend improvements, and advise management on implementation.
Develop and conduct process owner training for Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to effectively support process owners.
Track all audit findings and perform follow-up procedures to validate the effectiveness of management’s remediation actions.
Consolidate Audit Control Evidence
Identify and understand SOX compliance and internal audit needs
Be the Primary Contact for External Auditors
Required Qualifications - About you:
We are looking for candidates who possess the rare combination of the following achievements, skills and behaviors:
Minimum 4-6 years of professional experience in auditing preferably with internal audit
Strong problem-solving skills
Advanced written and verbal communication skills
Capacity to work independently as well as in a team environment
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Integrity and honesty within a professional environment
A strong dedication to teamwork and an eagerness to meet deadlines
Uses tact and skill in difficult interpersonal situations; avoid unnecessary conflict
Strong working knowledge of auditing principles, practices, and compliance standards
Skills & Personal Characteristics:
Ownership
Innovation
Care
Why PROS?
PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible.
This is a unique opportunity to join a company that has 30+ years of proven success with a long runway of more success.
Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. If you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets.
Work Environment:
Most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. Work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. To successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data.
This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position."
39	30+ days ago	Chainlink Labs	Senior Technical Recruiter	"We are a people team with an exciting mission: to hire the world's very best talent to build Chainlink, a decentralized oracle network and top 5 blockchain project. Due to the project's phenomenal success, we are going through a period of rapid growth, and are quickly scaling up our people team to ramp up our hiring capacity. We're proud to serve our industry-leading team of technologists, entrepreneurs and community advocates, scouring every corner of the globe to hand pick the talent that drives Chainlink's success.﻿
We're excited to have an open slot on our team for a Senior Technical Recruiter, and are looking for someone who is as motivated as we are to build the team that builds this world-changing technology. This is a career-defining opportunity to be one of the pioneering members of a people team viewed by the business as a critical component in its growth story.﻿
As a Senior Technical Recruiter, you will build relationships with our Head of Engineering, and CEO to understand the team’s needs and leverage your connections and expertise from working in the tech or blockchain space to find great talent.
You will oversee all sourcing, outreach, interviewing, and candidate experience, working closely with your People team colleagues on internal company-wide planning and initiatives related to team growth.﻿
With our team rapidly scaling, this is a huge opportunity to get in early on this world changing project. As we grow, fast career advancement is the norm for someone looking to grow rapidly alongside us. We’re excited to work with you to map out what your trajectory looks like and where you want to take your career (there is a lot of flexibility on the direction that this role goes).
If you thrive in a fast-paced and high stakes environment, and have an innate understanding of the finesse that makes for a great candidate experience, we'd love to hear from you. ﻿
Your Impact
Grow Chainlink by hiring the world’s top technical talent
Run a robust recruiting program and continuously iterate to increase the number of high-quality applicants
Be the point of contact for all candidates from sourcing, screening, scheduling, interviewing, and offer stage
Work closely with your People team coworkers to run initiatives to attract and retain the best talent
Proactively reach out to potential candidates in the blockchain space and manage inbound candidates in a timely and efficient manner
Requirements
1+ years of experience in the blockchain space required
Experience working on a people, recruiting, or sales team at a technical company a strong plus
Superior interpersonal skills with the ability to engage and build quick rapport, and maintain strong relationships with both candidates and hiring managers
Proven abilities to attract passive candidates and build a diverse pipeline
Extremely organized, great at managing time, and able to handle multiple priorities
Proven ability to recruit and hire a variety of technical skill-sets and understanding of technology knowledge (coding languages/technical stacks/terminology)
Desired/Optional Qualifications
You are a subject-matter expert in Lever
Experience with the startup culture and the challenge of working on technical roles
Chainlink is the industry standard oracle network for connecting smart contracts to the real world. With Chainlink, developers can build hybrid smart contracts that combine on-chain code with an extensive collection of secure off-chain services powered by Decentralized Oracle Networks. Managed by a global, decentralized community of hundreds of thousands of people, Chainlink is introducing a fairer model for contracts. Its network currently secures billions of dollars in value for smart contracts across the decentralized finance (DeFi), insurance, and gaming ecosystems, among others. The full vision of the Chainlink Network can be found in the Chainlink 2.0 whitepaper. Chainlink is trusted by hundreds of organizations—from global enterprises to projects at the forefront of the blockchain economy—to deliver definitive truth via secure, reliable data.
This role is location agnostic anywhere in the world, but we ask that you overlap some working hours with Eastern Standard Time (EST).
We are a fully distributed team and have the tools and benefits to support you in your remote work environment.
Chainlink Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
#LI-Remote"
40	8 days ago	Progressive	Senior Recruiter - High Volume	"Senior Recruiter - High Volume

Job Number: 176815
As a senior recruiter/talent advisor in our high-volume team, you will leverage your recruiting expertise and market knowledge to make crucial decisions that help business partners with hiring needs. You'll have the chance to impact the company's recruiting strategy and productivity by filling critical, high volume requisitions. Forming strategic relationships with business partners and candidates, you'll ensure a positive experience for everyone involved in the hiring process.
 Must-have qualifications
Bachelor's degree or higher; minimum of 4 years recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience
In lieu of a bachelor's degree, a minimum of 6 years recruiting/talent acquisition or functional HR experience

Preferred skills
Experience working in full-cycle recruiting including conducting resume review, candidate interviews, and working within an applicant tracking system and video interviewing processes
An understanding of the business value associated with hiring strong talent and how changes in business strategy can impact our talent acquisition approach
Influencing business partners through acute business and external talent market knowledge
Organizational and multi-tasking abilities along with strong communication and interpersonal skills
Experience with passive candidate sourcing and development

Compensation
Salary Range: $65,000 - $85,000/year
Gainshare bonus up to 30% of your eligible earnings based on company performance

Benefits
401(k) with dollar-for-dollar company match up to 6%
Medical, dental & vision, including free preventative care
Wellness & mental health programs
Health care flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, & life insurance
Paid time off
Paid & unpaid sick leave where applicable, as well as short & long-term disability
Parental & family leave; military leave & pay
Diverse, inclusive & welcoming culture with Employee Resource Groups
Career development & tuition assistance
Onsite gym & healthcare at large locations

Equal Opportunity Employer

Job: Human Resources

Primary Location: United States-Ohio-Mayfield Village

Schedule: Full-time

Employee Status: Regular

Work From Home: Yes"
41	30+ days ago	VMware	Senior / Technical Sourcer - Opportunity for Working Remotely Columbus, OH	"Business Summary: Talent Acquisition
As a global leader in cloud infrastructure and business mobility, VMware helps customers accelerate their digital transformation through a software-defined approach, simplifying the complexities of multi-cloud. With over 350,000 Enterprise/SMB customers, 20,000+ employees, and 50+ locations worldwide, we are committed to building a community where talented and innovative people thrive. With topline growth continuing at a double-digit pace, the Talent Acquisition team is a strategic partner to business leaders and hiring managers providing data-based, market insights related to our most sought-after commodity – people – with direct impact on growth through hiring top talent. Through this we positively impact VMware’s bottom-line business successes.
Job Role and Responsibility:
We are looking for a Senior Sourcer to own immediate candidate generation across multiple businesses. In this role you will source, identify, pre-screen/qualify, facilitate interviews, and successfully partner with recruiters to transition candidates into offer negotiations. You will guide and influence business leaders/hiring managers while partnering with extended stakeholders throughout HR and finance by overseeing the entire recruiting process.
Partner closely with business leaders, developing tailored sourcing strategies to deliver a diversely represented pipeline of active talent with a variety of addressable markets/geos.
Influence and champion hiring best practices throughout candidate assessments while championing candidate experience.
Provide an efficient and high-touch experience for every candidate through application and interviews.
Communicate effectively with business leadership, hiring managers, and interview teams to ensure preparedness during the interview process. Share and exchange information with all levels of management.
Develop partnerships with immediate and extended stakeholders to deliver on current and future hiring needs through strategic market research and candidate pipelines.
Take part in creation, implementation, and maintenance of recruiting/sourcing programs.
Achieve quarterly hiring goals.
Required Skills:
Proven track record sourcing and hiring passive and active talent from a variety of sources/tools/networks.
Experience solving complex business issues and delivering significant impact as an individual contributor.
Personal accountability, strong work ethic, integrity, and organizational skills with attention to detail.
Ability to handle customer relationship management, provide strong customer consultative skills and work in a mid to large-team environment.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships and contribute within a team.
Preferred Skills:
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
Proven technical sourcing/recruiting within a software company.
Experience gathering and analyzing data from relevant screens to build a better understanding of what attributes will best serve the business and further advise their recruiting efforts.

Category : HR
Subcategory: Talent Acquisition
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-05-11
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
42	1 day ago	naviHealth, Inc.	Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner - IT Recruiter (Remote)	"Overview:

Job Summary
The Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner (IT) is responsible for hiring top talent to sustain and grow naviHealth and is critical to our hiring and People and Culture strategy. The position owns full lifecycle recruiting for a high-volume of all levels of positions from front line staff to executive leadership. This role is a strategic partner to our business leaders and works to forecast staffing needs, design creative sourcing strategies to recruit top talent, and manage the hiring processes from initiating searches to offer acceptance.
Responsibilities
Identify and source top talent as a part of our recruiting team.
Partner with leadership to understand strategic business objectives and organizational design in order to develop strategies that will meet current and future staffing needs.
Create job requisitions and gain appropriate approvals to fill positions.
Create and execute on leading edge sourcing strategies.
Identify, pre-screen, and qualify candidates for in-person interviews.
Utilize and manage the resources necessary to accomplish recruiting goals and objectives including gathering and preparing documentation with regards to all candidate interactions.
Document all recruitment related activity in accordance with the established expectations and maintain applicant tracking database for reporting purposes.
Manage the interview process and maintain relationships through continuous written and oral communication with managers and candidates.
Provide coaching and training to Hiring Mangers related to effective interviewing and selection practices
Following established service levels to maintain exceptional client service, meet the needs of Hiring Managers and create a best in class candidate experience.
Maintain knowledge of the latest sourcing and recruiting methods/technologies.
Identify and communicate opportunities for recruiting and retention system and operational quality improvements.
Improve organization attractiveness by keeping abreast of industry trends, compensation packages, and best practices.
Work with Hiring Managers, HRBPs, and Compensation Team to create strategic closing plans, negotiate compensation packages, and present offers to sign top candidates.
Collaborate with other internal recruiters on recruiting best practices, sourcing, and client collaboration.
Build relationships, obtain referrals, and maintain a talented pipeline of candidates.
Assist in training and ongoing mentorship of Talent Acquisition Team.
Participate in special projects/recruiting initiatives, including assessment of best practices in interviewing techniques, leveraging of internal sources of talent, and identification of top performers.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Human Resources, or related field or experience in lieu of degree
6 - 8 years of experience in corporate recruiting or staffing firm recruiting
At least 3 year experience recruiting in the IT space
Experience using an applicant tracking and HRIS systems; experience using iCIMS is a plus
Ability to work independently, be flexible to a changing environment, and thrive in a high recruitment volume role
Ability to be proactive and a forward thinker
Strong attention to detail, planning, and organization skills
Great teamwork and positive attitude
Excellent written and communication skills
High-volume recruiting experience
Proficiency using Microsoft Suite include Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Specialization in Corporate positions: accounting, finance, marketing, etc.
About naviHealth
naviHealth is improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live more fulfilling lives. For nearly a decade, naviHealth has been a trusted partner for the nation’s top health plans, health systems, and at-risk physician groups navigating the shift from volume to value. Powered by a predictive technology and decision support platform that provides clinicians and care teams with evidence-based protocols, naviHealth’s high-touch, proven care model fully supports patients from pre-acute through to the home. With naviHealth, patients can enjoy more days at home, and healthcare providers and health plans can significantly reduce costs specific to unnecessary care and readmissions. For more information about naviHealth, visit navihealth.com.
Our Purpose
Improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live a more fulfilling life
Our Values
Rooted in respect
Guided by purpose

Devoted to service

Energized by impact
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by colleagues assigned to this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive list of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications. naviHealth reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.
naviHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable laws and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."
43	14 days ago	Zimmer Biomet	Sr. Compensation Analyst	"Zimmer Biomet is a world leader in musculoskeletal health solutions. Our team members are part of a company with a heritage of leadership, a focus on shaping the future, and a mission dedicated to alleviating pain and improving the quality of life for people around the world.

This position will primarily assist in administering Zimmer’s compensation programs for the North American organizations ensuring internal equity and external competitiveness. This individual will work with the Compensation Manager to provide internal compensation support and analysis including total rewards programs, market data analysis, and other related compensation programs.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Assist with annual compensation projects including annual performance incentive plan (bonus) administration, stock allocation administration, and merit/general increase administration.
Performs job analysis and benchmarks positions to the market, including salaried, hourly, and middle management positions. Produces benchmark reports and pay recommendations.
Participate in relevant compensation surveys.
Assist with the implementation of total compensation programs, including base pay, variable pay and long-term incentives.
Coordinate and promote awareness of core compensation processes, including job documentation and evaluation process to develop and maintain standardized job descriptions.
Assist in the development of communications associated with employee compensation activities.
Assists in the evaluation of alternative methods of compensation and design of compensation packages for various functional areas and levels of management.
Uses ad hoc queries and to extract data from HRIS.
Actively look for and recommend other compensation tools to assist in meeting business needs.
Assists with implementing HRIS tools to improve efficiency in compensation administration.
Assist with determining exemption status under FLSA guidelines.
Works on special compensation projects as assigned.
Expected Areas of Competence
Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Possess functional knowledge of compensation practices.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products.
Working knowledge of HRIS with SAP preferred.
Ability to build relationships with internal clients, understand and improve business processes.
Ability to deal effectively with various levels of employees on highly confidential information.
Strong organizational skills with the skill to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Must be able to manage in a fast pace environment and have strong work ethic.
Demonstrated analytical, problem solving and proactive attitude to work
Strong written and oral communications.
Education/Experience Requirements
BA. or B.S. in Human Resources, Business Administration or Finance plus a minimum of 5 to 7 years Human Resources experience with an emphasis in compensation preferred, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Work towards CCP, PHR or appropriate certification a plus.
Travel Requirements
Up to 5%
Additional Information

EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability

At Zimmer Biomet, we believe in The Power of Us, which means that we are stronger together. We are committed to creating an environment where every team member feels included, respected, empowered, and celebrated.

As a Zimmer Biomet team member, you will share in our commitment to providing mobility and renewed life to people around the world. This is why we offer you a competitive rewards package that includes medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, wellness incentives, employee assistance programs as well as paid time off for vacation and holidays.

Compensation Range 85,000 - 95,000"
44	30+ days ago	Williams Leatag	Global Analyst of Total Rewards, Contract (Remote)	"Williams Lea is the global provider of skilled business-critical support services to financial, legal and professional services firms. We connect people, processes and technology to manage documents and streamline key operational functions.
From our humble beginnings as a financial printer in London, to our position today as a global outsourcing leader, our business is built a strong heritage, great relationships and a talented team. Our 6,000 worldwide employees work onsite at clients and onshore/offshore at Williams Lea operations providing rivaled support and helping clients transform their support operations. With revenues of over $400 million, Williams Lea is backed by Advent International, one of the largest global private equity investors.
Williams Lea is hiring for a Global Analyst of Total Rewards!
Position Summary
Reporting to the Global Head of Human Resources, this Total Rewards and Compensation & Benefits subject matter expert will be responsible for leading the design and administration of all Global compensation and benefits programs as well as policy development and maintenance and overall recordkeeping and compliance for an interim period. Working closely with the senior management team and HR, this role ensures that all programs and actions align with WL’s global business objectives and that WL maintains a competitive and equitable compensation and benefits structure that will attract, engage, reward and help retain the talent WL needs for today and in the future.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree required
10+ years’ progressively responsible, senior level global compensation and benefits experience including plan design, and communications
5+ years of management responsibility preferred. Track record of assessment and development of HR talent
Global knowledge and exposure to Benefits and Compensation
Strong written and verbal communication skills are a must, as is a commitment to WLs core values of collaboration, transparency, quality, positive impact, and getting things done
Able to anticipate and ensure development and maintenance of robust, scalable HR service capabilities (processes, systems, policies/procedures, organization and compliance) to support the company’s growth
Thorough familiarity with all statutes and regulations regarding HR, at both the Global, US federal and local levels, including ERISA, FLSA, ADA, ADEA, HIPAA, TUPE, paid sick leave statutes, etc.
Lead transformation efforts to ensure best-in-class performance. Ensure that any transformation initiatives meet the needs of internal customers including developing metrics to drive continuous improvement.
Ability to build relationships with employees at all levels of the organization including senior leadership.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills including negotiation, influencing, conflict resolution and presentations skill
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple projects and initiatives concurrently.
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, demanding environment.
Strategic and analytical skills with the ability to resolve a wide variety of complex issues or problems.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
It is the policy of Williams Lea Tag to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity of expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law.
Williams Lea Tag is a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing."
45	30+ days ago	Moveworks.ai	Sr Technical Recruiter	"As a Sr Technical Recruiter, you will make an impact as a key contributor by driving hiring for the engineering team across different geographic locations. You will work as a talent advisor and key partner to the functional business leaders and hiring managers, developing strategies to approach, engage, and hire the best design talent in the world.

As a trusted business partner, you will empower our technical leaders to make the best hiring decisions through creating and executing innovative talent strategies based on deep understanding of business needs aligned with your understanding of the candidate marketplace. This is an opportunity to play an integral role at the fastest-growing AI startup in its space.

Who we are:

Moveworks is revolutionizing how companies support their employees — with the first AI platform that makes getting help at work, both instant and effortless.

Included on the prestigious Forbes AI 50 list and named a leader in The Forrester New Wave, Moveworks uses advanced machine learning to resolve employees’ requests, whether they need IT support, HR help, or policy information. We’ve built an AI company that puts people first, which is why both Inc. and the San Francisco Business Times recognized Moveworks as one of the Best Workplaces of 2021.

This is a unique chance to join the team as a key player in our growth strategy. If that sounds like fun, we can’t wait to start this journey together!

What you’ll do:
Manage, drive, and own the full cycle recruiting process for product and engineering teams
Collaborate with hiring managers to identify and formalize needs, determine sourcing strategies and actively engage with candidates
Ability to strategically partner with and advise Engineerig leaders throughout the recruiting process
Ability to quickly learn a technical product and articulate its value proposition and story to candidates
Create robust pipelines through active sourcing from multiple channels, screening resumes, interviewing, and closing candidates
Consistently strive to measure and track all aspects of the recruiting process with an eye to iteration and improvement
Help drive long-term productive recruiting partnerships with different business units
Lead projects to improve process and build a best in class experience for candidates
Successfully deliver on all deadlines and flawlessly execute in a fast-paced, startup environment

You will be reporting into the Head of Talent, this position can be based in Mountain View or Austin and will need you to be onsite once Covid restrictions are lifted. We are flexible for partial WFH.

What you bring to the table:
Technical recruiting experience preferably at a tech startup
Proven track record of sourcing and hiring passive candidates from top companies
Experience partnering and influencing Hiring Managers throughout the recruiting cycle
Goal driven, detail oriented and approachable with the ability to prioritize and work well in a fast paced start-up environment.
You lead by example: A great teammate who is inclusive, collaborative, self-directed and highly motivated with a sense of urgency, and has strong organizational skills
Proficiency in Greenhouse, LinkedIn and / or other recruiting and sourcing tools
Ability to balance expertise with creativity and innovation when it comes to improving our process, practices, and recruiting brand
Experience and fluency of technically knowledgeable to conduct phone screens and calibrate against job descriptions
Ability to be scrappy and resourceful with minimal to no guidance
Proven track record of success in balancing multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment


#LI-Remote #BI-Remote"
46	30+ days ago	Standard Cognition	Senior Technical Recruiter	"At Standard Cognition, we’re revolutionizing the way the world shops. By replacing cash registers with computer vision-powered checkout, we’re creating a frictionless experience for shoppers. Since launching in 2017, Standard has contracts with multiple global retailers and is in the process of deploying our Standard Checkout solution across thousands of stores globally. We’re backed by some of Silicon Valley’s leading investors including Softbank, CRV, Initialized, EQT, Draper Associates and YCombinator. We just announced our series C in February 2021!


As a Sr. Technical Recruiter at Standard, you’ll sit on our small but mighty Talent Team. Our Talent Team reports directly in to our Head of Talent & DEI (Diversity, Equity, Inclusion), and owns all hiring across the organization. As a team, we prioritize diversity and strive to treat every candidate with care. We recognize that we are the entry point to the company and we want to make sure everyone joins on a positive note. The Talent Team partners with every (that’s right EVERY) team within the organization. We move swiftly and aim for precision.


As a Senior Technical Recruiter at Standard, you’ll be responsible for building and maintaining an end to end recruiting process. You’ll work on a variety of highly technical roles; particularly focused on building out Infrastructure, Backend, and Vision teams. At Standard, we’ve got a lot of growing to do, and our Talent Team is at the heart of that growth.



This is a FULL TIME remote position located in United States.
What you'll do here:
As a full cycle recruiter at Standard, you will:
Manage an end to end recruiting process: from role ideation to closing candidates.
Build and maintain a diverse and high-quality candidate pipeline across a variety of technical skillsets.
Manage relationships with hiring managers across the organization and build your understanding for their team functions as a means of maintaining a close partnership.
Build and maintain rapport with high caliber candidates and act as their main touchpoint within the company.
Negotiate and close candidates while constantly considering both the candidate experience and what’s best for the company.
As a senior member of our team, you’ll share your expertise with junior members of the team. Your guidance will help them to improve sourcing techniques, help them understand varied technologies, cultivate industry knowledge, and more.
Who you are:
You have proven experience building and maintaining an in-house, end-to-end recruiting life cycle in a fast-paced, startup environment.
You are skilled at partnering with Software Engineers and have experience digging into technical backgrounds.
We thrive in our differences, and as a recruiter, you care deeply about diversity. You have a passion and track record for finding high caliber talent in unconventional places.
Quality is more important to you than quantity. We’re a small, growing team with lofty goals. In order to be successful, you’ll need to know how to get a clear understanding of your hiring managers expectations and laser focus on building a pipeline of candidates which align with these expectations.
You’re a thought partner, not just a pipeline generator. At Standard, recruiters are talent experts. You are someone who is practiced in providing guidance, coaching new managers, and in some cases, pushing back.
We’re all project managers in our own right. You have a proven history of managing multiple roles at once. You pride yourself on your ability to bring multiple projects to the finish line at the same time.
Every role, manager, and candidate are different, and you know how to find the balance between structured process and tailored experience.
You have impeccable written and verbal communication skills.
You are familiar with an ATS, and are willing to learn a new one (we use Ashby).

Only meet some of these traits or experiences? We'd still love to hear from you!



Why you might want to work with us:
We take care of you and your family with health, vision, and dental insurance.
You will have the option to contribute to a 401k.
You're excited to work on a product that will impact almost any consumer, almost anywhere.
Standard is a remote first company. We trust you to get your job done in the location that works best for you.
We dress casually. Some of us wear slippers in the office. In current work from home standings, we’re super comfy.
We believe in a culture of learning, and want to keep building our skills, experiences, and capabilities.
We offer flexible work schedules. We trust our team to know how they will do their best work.
We're family friendly. We want our teammates to focus on what they need to when they need to.
We offer very competitive compensation, including equity in Standard, to each one of our employees.
Standard provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and abilities.



Not quite ready to apply? Send us an email at jobs@standard.ai. Someone from the team will follow up to answer your questions."
47	30+ days ago	P3 Health Group Management, LLC	Senior Compensation Analyst	"People. Passion. Purpose.
At P3 Health Partners, our promise is to guide our communities to better health, unburden clinicians, align incentives and engage patients. We are a physician-led organization relentless in our mission to overcome all obstacles by positively disrupting the business of health care, transforming it from sickness care into wellness guidance.
We are looking for a Senior Compensation Analyst. If you are passionate about your work; eager to have fun; and motivated to be part of a fast-growing organization in Las Vegas, Nevada, then you should consider joining our team.
Senior Compensation Analyst
P3 is looking for an enterprising and resourceful Sr. Compensation Analyst who will administer compensation programs in line with Corporate and HR strategies/policies; provide guidance and assistance to staff and employees on compensation issues. Additionally, you will analyze data and survey information to determine the company’s competitive position; using judgment and data, to modify and recommend modifications in compensation elements as appropriate. Also, identify opportunities for improvement to compensation policies and practices and recommendations.
DUTIES
Monitors and audits pay practices to ensure compliance with policies, guidelines, and wage and hour laws.
Conducts job analysis, conducts benchmark reviews and market price jobs.
Develops, reviews and updates job descriptions.
Conducts FLSA Assessments. Participates in Compensation Surveys.
Reviews Common Law Questionnaires to determine the accurate classification based on IRS guidelines.
Utilizes performance management system and addresses any issues that arises.
Assists the Director with the coordination of compensation projects.
Performs other duties as needed.
SKILLS
Advanced understanding and knowledge of wage and hour laws and compensation practices.
Excellent judgment and team player.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, including PowerPoint, Word and Excel.
Ability to work independently.
Highly attentive to detail and able to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Excellent organizational and time management skills – strong ability to prioritize.
EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree Business Administration, Finance, Human Resources or related field required. Minimum five years of compensation experience required.
Professional in Human Resources (PHR) certification, Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) certification or Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) preferred.
Candidates with significant experience within the healthcare industry are preferred.
Location: United States (Henderson, NV or remote)
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
At P3, we recognize and appreciate the importance of creating an environment in which all team members feel valued, included, and empowered to do their best work and bring great ideas to the table
Every P3 family member's unique experiences, perspectives, and viewpoints are valued and support our ability to deliver the best possible experience for our patients, providers, payers, partners, and each other.
wanbn0Ylqc"
48	23 days ago	PeopleScout	Sr. Recruiter (1225949) Gary, IN	"As one of the world's top RPO providers, PeopleScout is dedicated to encouraging collaboration, ownership and growth in all our employees, no matter where they are located. PeopleScout's teams are distinctive and unique, and with so many diverse personalities and differing contributions, PeopleScout is proud to provide all employees with a common thread of positivity and achievement. Discover your potential, learn from the best and be part of an authentic, confident culture when you work with PeopleScout.
PeopleScout is renowned leader in the RPO industry. We are always looking for innovative and dedicated talent to join our team because, like our clients, we know that our success depends on the strength and expertise of our people.
PeopleScout employs thousands of people across the globe in a wide variety of disciplines. We are looking for passionate, energetic people to help further our success in the global market.
Position Summary:
The Senior Recruiter will work Remote most of the time but will be required to work onsite on occasion. Must have experience in high volume manufacturing and general labor roles.
Responsibilities:
Responsible to implement staffing and recruiting processes, strategies, and solutions
Source, recruit, screen, interview and assess high volumes of candidates for exempt and nonexempt roles to exceed the client's needs and expectations
Build strong relationships with hiring managers and facilitate positive candidate experiences
Facilitate frequent (typically weekly) update calls with managers to update on search; discuss challenges and design action plans to lead to hires
Maintain accurate candidate records and ensure ATS is accurate
Adhere to compliance standards in an OFCCP environment
Adhere to the staffing processes established
Proactively seek new avenues to attract candidates
Ability to work in a fast paced; process oriented environment
Must possess excellent judgment to prioritize work, handle multiple projects at once, and meet objectives.
Heavy Client Services responsibilities including managing daily information/candidate data tracking, identifying potential areas of improvement, providing information to the client as needed, resolving problems, participating in client meetings and maintain a high level of customer retention and satisfaction
Excellent consultative skills and proven experience in all recruiting methods including passive sourcing

Requirements:
Minimum of 3 years recent full cycle recruitment experience in an RPO environment recruiting for general labor roles
Minimum 1 year experience recruiting within the Manufacturing industry
Ability to work from a Virtual Home office
Ability to travel onsite on occasion
Experience sourcing and recruiting in hard to fill locations
Experience in filling high volume (non-Exempt), including hard-to-fill roles
Driven by creating the best possible hiring manager and candidate experiences
Must possess excellent judgment to prioritize work, handle multiple projects at once, and meet objectives
Extreme sense of urgency
Detailed Oriented with strong organizational skills
Solid understanding of end-to-end recruitment processes and best practices
Excellent customer service delivery
Strong presentation skills verbal and in person
Strong MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint skills

PeopleScout is an equal opportunity employer, strengthened by the diversity of our workforce.
Veteran hiring efforts are core to our mission at PeopleScout, and we are proud to have placed more U.S. Military veterans in full-time employment than any other recruitment firm in the world"
49	5 days ago	Paladina Health	Sr. Compensation Analyst - Remote	"Company Overview:

To effectively facilitate compensation-related activities in support of organizational goals and objectives and provide compensation expertise in job studies, pay plan design, organizational management, and salary administration in order for Everside Health to attract, retain, and motivate high caliber teammates. Position located in Denver, CO.


General Purpose of the Job:

Analyzes, designs, and administers employer compensation programs, including base pay, incentive pay, and performance management programs.
Manage specialized compensation programs, including structure, tracking, and monitoring (e.g., sales incentives).
Contributes to compensation programs for executives, officers and other top key positions, including short- and long-term incentive plans, financial and tax treatment of compensation programs, and proxy disclosure and analysis.
Develop methods for communication and education to create pay and compensation transparency within the organization (i.e., total rewards statements).
Partner with finance in the administration of internal equity/stock programs.
Work with team members to conduct pay equity analysis and recommend any changes to current compensation.
Evaluates jobs, determines pay grades, participates in compensation surveys, and performs associated analysis.
Ensures that requests for pay adjustments comply with current compensation policy.
Assist with the merit and annual incentive compensation (bonus) programs.
Responsible for the day to day activities of the company’s equity incentive programs.
Create and maintain database integrity and ensure accuracy recordkeeping of equity data.
Ensures all forms of equity compensation are administered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plans from which they are granted.
Working with team leaders to identify opportunities for aligning jobs, policies and compensations programs.
Help develop materials and other employee communications, contribute ideas and assist with teammate education program utilizing various media available, including conducting teammate trainings and information sessions (in person and via video conferencing).
Assist with other projects as assigned.

Desired Attributes:

Business acumen – ability to know how the data analysis will impact the business. Direct correlation of information and how it corelates with the function.
Communication and Consultation approach – ability to manage stakeholders and their expectations and communicate results to relevant audiences.
Relationship building – keep the appropriate parties involved in your work and provide updates on progress and potential setbacks.
Very strong attention to detail and ability to perform self-audit to ensure data integrity and utmost accuracy at all times.
Ability to work with limited supervision.
Analytical skills to understand and statistics in report writing and decision-making.
Organizational skills to manage records and data and meet deadlines.
Thoroughly familiar with equity incentive programs.
Knowledge of labor laws, such as Fair Labor Standards Act, and other federal laws regulating employee benefits, compensation and privacy standards.

Minimum Qualifications:

UKG (formerly UltiPro) HRIS system experience preferred but not required.
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Economics, Finance or equivalent work experience.
At least 5 years of experience in human resources classification and compensation functions.
Ability to collaborate with HR leaders and provide HR support as needed.
Excellent problem-solving skills and proven ability to make informed decisions.
 Highly confidential approach to company and employee records.
Certified Compensation Specialist, PHR or SPHR certification a plus.

Salary Range: 85k-95k"
50	30+ days ago	VMware	Senior / Technical Sourcer - Opportunity for Working Remotely New York, NY	"Business Summary: Talent Acquisition
As a global leader in cloud infrastructure and business mobility, VMware helps customers accelerate their digital transformation through a software-defined approach, simplifying the complexities of multi-cloud. With over 350,000 Enterprise/SMB customers, 20,000+ employees, and 50+ locations worldwide, we are committed to building a community where talented and innovative people thrive. With topline growth continuing at a double-digit pace, the Talent Acquisition team is a strategic partner to business leaders and hiring managers providing data-based, market insights related to our most sought-after commodity – people – with direct impact on growth through hiring top talent. Through this we positively impact VMware’s bottom-line business successes.
Job Role and Responsibility:
We are looking for a Senior Sourcer to own immediate candidate generation across multiple businesses. In this role you will source, identify, pre-screen/qualify, facilitate interviews, and successfully partner with recruiters to transition candidates into offer negotiations. You will guide and influence business leaders/hiring managers while partnering with extended stakeholders throughout HR and finance by overseeing the entire recruiting process.
Partner closely with business leaders, developing tailored sourcing strategies to deliver a diversely represented pipeline of active talent with a variety of addressable markets/geos.
Influence and champion hiring best practices throughout candidate assessments while championing candidate experience.
Provide an efficient and high-touch experience for every candidate through application and interviews.
Communicate effectively with business leadership, hiring managers, and interview teams to ensure preparedness during the interview process. Share and exchange information with all levels of management.
Develop partnerships with immediate and extended stakeholders to deliver on current and future hiring needs through strategic market research and candidate pipelines.
Take part in creation, implementation, and maintenance of recruiting/sourcing programs.
Achieve quarterly hiring goals.
Required Skills:
Proven track record sourcing and hiring passive and active talent from a variety of sources/tools/networks.
Experience solving complex business issues and delivering significant impact as an individual contributor.
Personal accountability, strong work ethic, integrity, and organizational skills with attention to detail.
Ability to handle customer relationship management, provide strong customer consultative skills and work in a mid to large-team environment.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships and contribute within a team.
Preferred Skills:
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
Proven technical sourcing/recruiting within a software company.
Experience gathering and analyzing data from relevant screens to build a better understanding of what attributes will best serve the business and further advise their recruiting efforts.

Category : HR
Subcategory: Talent Acquisition
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-05-11
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
51	30+ days ago	SiteOne Landscape Supply	Remote Sr. Recruiter - Labor Initiatives Program	"Company Overview:

Whether you are experienced in the green industry, a professional looking for a career change, or a new graduate or veteran transitioning into the workforce, we are confident you will find opportunity and reward with SiteOne.
SiteOne Landscape Supply is the largest and only national wholesale distributor of landscaping products in the United States and Canada. With over 500 branches across the U.S. and Canada, we offer a comprehensive selection of products including: irrigation supplies, fertilizer and control products, nursery goods, hardscapes, landscape lighting, drainage and erosion control products, tools, and other landscaping accessories and supplies.
Come grow with our associates who are customer obsessed, always safe, continuously improving, and having fun!

Position Overview:

The Sr Recruiter – Labor Program Management will report to the Senior Recruiting Manager -Diversity Initiatives and University Relations and will deliver strategic and tactical recruiting at a national level. This will include full lifecycle recruitment of high volume, labor roles and establishing relationships in key markets with community groups/diversity organizations, etc. to increase the candidate pool and strengthen the employment brand. As required, s/he will partner with hiring managers to define job requirements, understand business goals, and identify, source, screen and attract a diverse slate of candidates to meet job requirements. This role will work closely with his/her counterparts in field recruiting as well as the Recruiting Managers to define critical needs and areas of focus.
KEY FACTORS FOR SUCCESS:
Candidate sourcing, including the use of Internet job boards, creative sourcing, social media, internal resume database, & direct sourcing
Relationship management of affiliations/programs in key markets across the country
Manage the staffing process from sourcing and selection through final offer as required
Perform phone interviews and face-to-face interviews as required
Ability to sell, position, and talk about company, its various divisions, compensation plans, etc.
Build relationships with specific organizations and associations
Build productive partnerships with management at all levels to gain the trust as a knowledgeable advisor/solution provider
Support special projects and improvement efforts as needed

Skills We Are Seeking::

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:
Proven, results oriented recruiting background - including direct sourcing experience, Internet sourcing experience, familiarity with job boards and social media recruiting, & ATS
Ability to work independently
Ability to manage customers and associated expectations
Strong leadership skills
A desire to work in a team based environment
High energy, detail focused, action-oriented contributor with growth potential
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
BS or University degree from four-year college or university
7-10+ years of significant recruiting and candidate sourcing"
52	30+ days ago	Eaton	Bilingual Sr. Technical Talent Acquisition Consultant	"Eaton’s Global Talent and Learning organization is currently seeking a Blingual Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant (French/English) to join our team. This position can be based in the following Eaton locations; Beachwood, OH, Raleigh, NC, or Moon Township, PA or remotely from a home office.
In this role, you will focus on sourcing and identifying external talent for our Software Architects, Embedded Software Engineers, Systems Engineers, Electrical Power Engineers and Mechanical Engineers. This talent is responsible for innovating intelligent power management solutions to help generate actionable insights and optimize power use, all while ensuring cyber-secure devices and environments. The Talent Acquisition function supports the company's strategic goal of identifying, attracting and acquiring the best available technical talent to assist the organization in delivering sustainable, profitable growth.
Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours.
In this function you will:
Source and identify external talent for our Software Architects, Embedded Software Engineers, Systems Engineers, Electrical Power Engineers and Mechanical Engineers
Manage an average requisition load of 20-25+ professional level positions in a fast paced environment; requisition load may exceed this average during peak recruiting seasons
Seek to understand the business, including products and services of the client organization, in order to speak with authority and attract key talent
Communicate expertise and provide guidance on policies, procedures and best practices to internal customers
Develop strategic recruiting plans specific to each unique requisition that exemplifies a depth of understanding of the client's hiring needs, both internal and external
Consult with the hiring manager on market availability, market trends, roadblocks and potential solutions to overcome those roadblocks
Eaton provides a competitive total rewards package commensurate with applicable skills, knowledge, and experience and consistent with internal and external market practices. The annual salary range for this role is $84,700 - $116,490 a year. Eligible for an annual performance-based incentive plan with a target at 13% of base salary. At Eaton, we know that good benefit plans are important to employees and their families. In addition to a competitive base salary, Eaton provides various Health and Welfare benefits as well as Retirement benefits. Click here for more detail: Eaton Benefits at a Glance.
When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronge
Qualifications
Basic (Required) Qualifications:
Minimum of 7 years experience working in a professional recruiting / staffing role
Minimum of 5 years engineering or technical recruiting experience
Bachelors Degree from an accredited institution
Must be fliuent in English and French, verbal and written
Must be legally authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship
Preferred Qualifications:
Proved ability to identify engineering talent and develop creative approaches to sourcing and delivering technical candidates
Experience working with OFCCP hiring policies and guidelines, for U.S.-based roles
Experience recruiting in Canada, with a focus on the Quebec talent market
Knowledge of various sourcing techniques
Previous experience with recruiting tools/applicant tracking systems and virtual hiring assistant resourcess
Position Criteria:
Ability to develop partnerships and drive results, even under adverse circumstances
Ability to utilize and interpret data to influence decisions
Detail oriented
Demonstrated project management skills
Strong organization and time management skills
We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters.
We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters.
Job: Human Resources
Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico
Organization: Corporate Sector
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Schedule: Full-time
Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: Yes
Does this position offer relocation?: No
Travel: No"
53	1 day ago	naviHealth	Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner - IT Recruiter (Remote)	"Overview
Job Summary
The Sr. Talent Acquisition Partner (IT) is responsible for hiring top talent to sustain and grow naviHealth and is critical to our hiring and People and Culture strategy. The position owns full lifecycle recruiting for a high-volume of all levels of positions from front line staff to executive leadership. This role is a strategic partner to our business leaders and works to forecast staffing needs, design creative sourcing strategies to recruit top talent, and manage the hiring processes from initiating searches to offer acceptance.
Responsibilities
Identify and source top talent as a part of our recruiting team.
Partner with leadership to understand strategic business objectives and organizational design in order to develop strategies that will meet current and future staffing needs.
Create job requisitions and gain appropriate approvals to fill positions.
Create and execute on leading edge sourcing strategies.
Identify, pre-screen, and qualify candidates for in-person interviews.
Utilize and manage the resources necessary to accomplish recruiting goals and objectives including gathering and preparing documentation with regards to all candidate interactions.
Document all recruitment related activity in accordance with the established expectations and maintain applicant tracking database for reporting purposes.
Manage the interview process and maintain relationships through continuous written and oral communication with managers and candidates.
Provide coaching and training to Hiring Mangers related to effective interviewing and selection practices
Following established service levels to maintain exceptional client service, meet the needs of Hiring Managers and create a best in class candidate experience.
Maintain knowledge of the latest sourcing and recruiting methods/technologies.
Identify and communicate opportunities for recruiting and retention system and operational quality improvements.
Improve organization attractiveness by keeping abreast of industry trends, compensation packages, and best practices.
Work with Hiring Managers, HRBPs, and Compensation Team to create strategic closing plans, negotiate compensation packages, and present offers to sign top candidates.
Collaborate with other internal recruiters on recruiting best practices, sourcing, and client collaboration.
Build relationships, obtain referrals, and maintain a talented pipeline of candidates.
Assist in training and ongoing mentorship of Talent Acquisition Team.
Participate in special projects/recruiting initiatives, including assessment of best practices in interviewing techniques, leveraging of internal sources of talent, and identification of top performers.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Human Resources, or related field or experience in lieu of degree
6 - 8 years of experience in corporate recruiting or staffing firm recruiting
At least 3 year experience recruiting in the IT space
Experience using an applicant tracking and HRIS systems; experience using iCIMS is a plus
Ability to work independently, be flexible to a changing environment, and thrive in a high recruitment volume role
Ability to be proactive and a forward thinker
Strong attention to detail, planning, and organization skills
Great teamwork and positive attitude
Excellent written and communication skills
High-volume recruiting experience
Proficiency using Microsoft Suite include Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Specialization in Corporate positions: accounting, finance, marketing, etc.
About naviHealth
naviHealth is improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live more fulfilling lives. For nearly a decade, naviHealth has been a trusted partner for the nation’s top health plans, health systems, and at-risk physician groups navigating the shift from volume to value. Powered by a predictive technology and decision support platform that provides clinicians and care teams with evidence-based protocols, naviHealth’s high-touch, proven care model fully supports patients from pre-acute through to the home. With naviHealth, patients can enjoy more days at home, and healthcare providers and health plans can significantly reduce costs specific to unnecessary care and readmissions. For more information about naviHealth, visit navihealth.com.
Our Purpose
Improving the healthcare experience for seniors to live a more fulfilling life
Our Values
Rooted in respect
Guided by purpose

Devoted to service

Energized by impact
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by colleagues assigned to this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive list of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications. naviHealth reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary.
naviHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable laws and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."
54	23 days ago	Stryker	Senior Talent Acquisition Business Partner (Remote)	"About Stryker

Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with our customers, is driven to make healthcare better. We offer innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes. We are proud to be named one of the World’s Best Workplaces and a Best Workplace for Diversity by Fortune Magazine. Learn more about our award-winning organization by visiting stryker.com

Location: This role may work at a Stryker hub, or 100% remote.

What you will do
Your role as a Senior Talent Acquisition Business Partner is a full life cycle recruitment position responsible for partnering with Hiring Managers and HR to identify, attract and acquire top talent to support Stryker’s organizational needs. While not all encompassing, this role’s primary activities can be grouped into three main areas:

Recruit

You use your strength and passion in finding candidates with advanced recruiting tools and techniques to acquire top talent
You chart the course by defining and executing the best candidate attraction strategies
You share a compelling career opportunities based on the candidate’s motivation
You will conduct initial phone screens with candidates to assess technical skills and cultural fit and present candidate match & value to hiring team
You deliver an outstanding candidate experience throughout entire recruitment lifecycle
You use market data and are a subject matter expert in your assigned function
You positively promote Stryker’s brand

Advise & Lead

Listen to and understand the needs of stakeholders
Provide hiring teams guidance and consultation on recruitment process, policy, technology, industry trends and best practices
Influence hiring managers with market data that shapes recruitment approach and decision making
Communicate consistently and proactively to ensure alignment and remove barriers
Tactfully drive the hiring process
Accurately manage candidate / requisition lifecycle in ATS for data integrity for reporting

Innovate

Identify recruitment market trends, tools, technologies and share best practices
Participate in projects, embrace change and help improve the overall talent acquisition function

Why Talent Acquisition at Stryker:

Stryker is a high integrity business where the focus is on finding the right person for the role, whatever it takes.

You will be part of a dynamic team focused on delivering results and continuous improvement, but also where having fun and teamwork are very important.
It's a fast-paced environment, where it's impossible to be bored.
This is a consultative role, where you will get to partner with your customers to source the best talent.
You will have clear goals and be rewarded and recognized according to your performance.
You will have a Manager who cares about you, understands your strengths and will help you me the best possible version of yourself.

What you need

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree
Minimum 2 years of professional level full cycle recruiting experience
Experienced leveraging multiple recruitment tools / technologies

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred candidates will have a mix of agency and corporate recruitment experience
AIRS certified a plus

Know someone at Stryker?

Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program."
55	20 days ago	VMware	Senior SWAT Sourcing Recruiter - Contract to FTE - Opportunity for Working Remotely Miami, FL	"Talent Acquisition, Sourcing Recruiter (SWAT)
VMware is looking for a Sourcing Recruiter (contract to FTE) to join our Talent Acquisition team. Our team is responsible for delivering a a robust candidate pipeline, while building a world class partnership with candidates, other recruiters, hiring managers, and cross-functional stakeholders. Our team of sourcing recruiters engage with the external market to provide proactive sourcing strategies and market intelligence to our array of stakeholders.
Key Roles and Responsibilities:
Stakeholder management including planning/expectation setting, establishment and ongoing assessment of candidate criteria, and detailed sourcing plans.
Accountable for delivery of a diverse set of qualified candidates.
Responsible for providing market intelligence to stakeholders.
Accountable for adopting and promoting the use of VMware tools and systems.
Key Competencies:
Has relationship building skills and a desire to deliver a best in class recruiting experience.
Can translate technical requirements into a digestible message that captivates an external candidate market.
Can understand technical job requirements and qualify candidates based on those requirements.
Has a strong knack for intense intellectual curiosity that motivates you to learn more about talent pools, talent trends, tools, and other aspects of Talent Acquisition.
Can be a change agent and provide data driven recommendations to stakeholders that drive a best in class candidate experience.
Has passion surrounding the recruiting experience, diversity representation, and overall recruiting results.
Has top notch collaboration skills and a team player attitude.
Has a deep understanding of the client's business, including strategic direction, priorities and goals and translating that to the relevant candidates and candidate pools.
Category : HR
Subcategory: Talent Acquisition
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-05-14
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
56	Today	X Energy LLC	Technical Recruiter	About X-energyX-energy is an entrepreneurial Gen IV nuclear power plant and fuel design company that recently signed an award winning $2,500,000,000.00/ 7 year agreement with the US Department of Energy to complete the design, licensing and construction of its compellingly safe and revolutionary design. We are aggressively staffing up with the world's most ambitious and devoted talent who share our vision of providing carbon-free, safe energy to prevent destructive global warming. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to work for a company intent upon dominating the free market by compelling its selection as the premier nuclear energy power plant of choice around the world for the 21st Century!Position DescriptionX-energy is seeking to change the world, and we are looking for a Technical Recruiter committed to helping us make this happen. As a strategic member of our HR team, you will have a demonstrated record of successfully building talent pipelines for multiple, complex searches. You will work with the recruiting and engineering teams to attract and hire world-class nuclear engineers and technologists. You will partner with hiring managers to understand their needs and priorities in order to help grow the best nuclear engineering team in the world. You will work to identify and engage passive candidates and manage the full-cycle recruiting process for technical hires.This is a full-time position with the possibility of being primarily remote.Responsibilities: Strategize on ways to successfully build talent pipelines for multiple, complex searches.Directly source candidates through research, messaging campaigns, social media, referral generation, and events.Conduct preliminary conversations with potential candidates about the company and the role that they are interested in.Ensure that candidates are seamlessly moving through the interview process.Manage offers by negotiating, acting as an internal advocate for candidates, and extending offers.Work closely with senior stakeholders in our engineering, people, and recruitment operations teams to effectively drive change and propose process improvements.Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience7+ years of experience hiring technical talent by sourcing, pitching, and closing candidatesExperience working as part of an in-house internal recruitment teamStrong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skillsExperience working with the Jobvite ATS is a plusExtremely organized and detail-orientedExperience sourcing candidates across a variety of online platforms including LinkedIn RecruiterExpert ability to leverage candidate databases such as Indeed and LinkedInPassion for our nuclear reactor and fuel to power the world in the 21st century!X Energy, LLC is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. We welcome the employment of women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities in our workforce. If you are in need of special assistance, please contact our Human Resources Department. X Energy, LLC participates in eVerify.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationFully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes
57	30+ days ago	Portland General Electric	Principal/Senior Organizational Development Specialist	"This is an exciting time to join Portland General Electric. As Oregon’s largest electric utility, Portland General Electric is leading an energy transformation that will harness the power of clean and renewable resources. Our vision for a clean energy future relies on three interrelated and overarching strategies: de-carbonize through investing in clean and reliable energy; modernize through a smarter more resilient grid; and empower our customers in their energy technology choices.
We’re searching for innovative, customer and results-obsessed leaders to help power our mission and lead the way in championing the world’s clean energy future!
Principal/Senior Organizational Development Specialist
We are looking for a Senior Organizational Development Specialist to join our HR Team. We are looking for an expert level Specialist to come in and design programs to help the organization assess its current functioning and determine appropriate OD interventions to achieve greater effectiveness, provide consultation on organization design and leadership development.

Our ideal candidate has deep experience in HR in Organizational Development, leadership development, employee engagement, culture transformation and assessment experience. You are also someone who can evaluate organizational needs and create solutions as well as translate that into a simplified approach for execution. You will partner closely with other teams within HR and throughout the business.
If you are able to adapt and flex to change, a strong collaborator and communicator, this may be the job for you.

What you would work on:
Program Management
Identifies organizational gaps and develops programs aligned to business and HR strategy. Adapts programs to meet emerging needs and align to industry best practices. Champions programs to employees, managers, and others within HR. Collaborates with other HR functions to improve systems to support organizational objectives.
Consultation
Serves as a subject matter expert to HRBPs and managers. Provides guidance to HR and managers on strategies to improve performance, enhance cultural competence, manage change, and resolve problems. Provides innovative solutions on team and leadership development, management process improvement and organizational effectiveness.
Project Management
Anticipates business needs and identifies emerging trends. Leads cross-functional projects to design, develop and implement products and services. Collaborates with leadesr and other HR functions to design and deliver solutions to business challenges.
We are looking for someone with:
At the Senior level, the successful candidate will have a bachelor’s degree in business, psychology, sociology, finance, human resources or other related field or equivalent experience and typically eight or more years in human resources with at least two years as an HR business partner or equivalent experience. At the Principal level, the successful candidate will typically have a master’s degree in business, psychology, sociology, finance, human resources, or another related field or equivalent experience and typically fifteen or more years in human resources.
PHR, SPHR, SHRM-CP or SHRM-SCP preferred; other HR certifications a plus (e.g., CCMP, Prosci, CCP, CPTD, KFLA, ICF)
The position will be filled at the level commensurate with the successful candidate’s applicable skills and experience.
Competencies (Knowledge, Skills, Abilities)
Expert knowledge of multiple areas of HR, including organizational design, strategy, employee relations, employee engagement and HR specialty areas
Advanced knowledge of employment laws
Advanced knowledge of industry best practices
Advanced skills in project management
Advanced skills in facilitation and presentations
Advanced skills in systems and programs used in HR
Advanced customer focus skills
Advanced skills in change leadership
Advanced skills in analytical thinking
Expert skills in problem solving
Advanced risk management skills
Advanced oral and written communication skills
Expert interpersonal skills
Advanced decision-making skills
Advanced organization and prioritization skills
Advanced knowledge of business process interrelationships Advanced business acumen skills
Ability to adhere to set response times, deadlines, and time-sensitive tasks
Ability to interact effectively and collaboratively within a team environment
Ability to respond and adapt to frequent change
Ability to discern feedback and acknowledge ownership of areas of improvement
Ability to avoid future mistakes by applying reasonable skills to new but similar work situations or tasks
Ability to successfully collaborate with peers, managers and others within the organization Demonstrates sound memory
Ability to process latest information to be applied consistently to work tasks

Schedule/Attendance
Ability to work long hours
Ability to work a variable schedule
Ability to report to work and perform work during periods of severe inclement weather
Ability to consistently meet attendance standards for regular, reliable, predictable, full-time attendance
Physical Capabilities
Driving/travel/commute: Daily within service territory - Occasionally (one to two times a month or less)
Computer use (use computer regularly for entire work shift)
Lifting/pushing/pulling: Up to 10 lbs.
Carrying: Up to 10 lbs.
Environment - Indoor/Outdoor (check all that apply):
Hybrid: Office/Work from home
Join us today and power your potential!

To be considered for this position, please complete the following employment application by the posting close date. A cover letter may be needed with your application to be considered for this position.
PGE believes in rewarding strong performance. We provide a total compensation package that is designed to reward your contributions to the company, and, at the same time, support your well-being and professional development, both now and into the future.
PGE is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. PGE will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment based on race, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.
Assisting with storms or other Company emergencies is a part of all positions at Portland General Electric.

Talent Acquisition Contact:

Staffing@pgn.com
This job posting will close at 12:01 am Pacific Time on the closing date listed below:"
58	5 days ago	Atrium CWS	Senior Recruiter (2021-1813)	"Overview:

Cox Enterprises, Inc. is seeking a Senior Recruiter who is responsible for managing full life cycle recruiting efforts for Cox Automotive positions.
The Senior Recruiter, 1) coordinates the recruitment process with leaders to identify qualified applicants and hires, 2) ensures consistency and equitability in the recruitment process, meeting all Company objectives and legal guidelines, and 3) maintains effective working relationships with all levels of company management to anticipate talent needs and recommend the most qualified candidates for positions.
This position delivers high quality talent and advances the Cox brand across numerous markets and professional communities, while guiding hiring managers and candidates through the selection process.
Shift/Hours:

Monday - Friday from 8:30am - 5:30pm
Responsibilities:
Deliver full life cycle recruiting expertise and consulting for roles to support business leaders across the organization.
Develop relationships with multiple hiring managers and Human Resources Business Partners to serve as the subject matter expert for specialized talent acquisition needs.
Develop an in-depth understanding of the business and candidate qualifications and competencies to fill the needs.
Drive and manage the interview and selection process.
Facilitate internal and external recruitment process, effectively interviewing and evaluating candidates utilizing consistent criteria and evaluative measures.
Utilize creative sourcing techniques including but not limited to internet mining, cold calling, community programs, alumni organizations, and referral programs.
Develop recruitment strategies to meet the talent needs and unique requirements of open positions; determines how to effectively market jobs to ensure attraction of the highest quality talent pool.
Ensure a diverse talent pool is sourced, assessed, and presented for open positions.
Extend, negotiate, and close job offers to internal and external candidates.
Conduct formal, consultative and detailed intake sessions with hiring manager at beginning of search to ensure clarity in understanding and define recruiting process.
Define and execute a targeted search strategy for each open position and assessing success as defined by the Recruiting Scorecard.
Coordinate and conduct candidate assessment/debrief sessions with hiring managers.
Partner with Compensation & HR, as appropriate, to ensure offers are compelling, competitive, and equitable.
Build and develop strong, competitive bench of external talent for all opportunities within assigned functional area.
Establish and maintain candidate database of pre-qualified candidates to meet current and anticipated staffing needs via comprehensive targeted research of internal company databases, associations, and discussions with professional networks as well as utilizing additional creative recruiting techniques.
Utilize ATS system to maintain candidate information and accurate data for reporting purposes.
Responsible for ensuring EEO and recruiting practices are consistently administered throughout the hiring process and documented in the appropriate manner.
Minimum Qualifications:
HS Diploma or GED required
Minimum 7+ years’ experience managing full life cycle recruiting desk
Experience recruiting in a professional, corporate environment required
Strong client-service orientation and proven ability to partner with business leaders to successfully drive talent acquisition required
Proven ability to effectively source passive candidates required
Knowledge and working experience with an ATS (eRecruit, Taleo, Brass Ring, etc.) required, with a strong preference for some Taleo experience
Knowledge of recruiting compliance is required
Strong business acumen and ability to anticipate clients’ needs
Experience with behavioral interviewing techniques required
Experience managing sensitive and/or confidential information required
Strong written and verbal communication skills required
Workplace Environment:

This is a fully remote position and candidate must be located in the EST or CST time zone.
Requisition Disclaimer:

Please note contractors are engaged to provide services on a temporary basis in connection with a specific assignment. Contractors are hired and employed through Atrium.
By applying for this position you agree to the Atrium Terms and Conditions. Agreeing to these terms, includes permission to use the email address and mobile phone number you provide during the application process or throughout the duration of your prospective or actual employment to notify you of job openings, profiles, articles, news, and other employment-related information, as well as to notify you of special promotions or additional products and services offered by us or our affiliates and partners (collectively, “Atrium Alerts”). Atrium Alerts may be sent by email, phone or text message. Your personal information will be safely stored in our database. Atrium does not sell your personal information to third parties. Text message and data rates may apply. To OPT OUT of text messaging or to modify your communication preferences for Atrium Alerts at any time, please contact us at privacyadministrator@atriumstaff.com.
If you do not agree with the Atrium Terms and Conditions, you can still complete your application for this position by emailing your resume to our team at coxrecruit@atriumstaff.com. Please include the job title in the subject of your email.
#zr"
59	12 days ago	Salas O'Brien	Senior Recruiter	Senior Recruiter (Remote)You dream about talent acquisition. You are passionate about the AEC industry. You love to collaborate with a team of experts. And you never stop growing.The JobOur Talent Acquisition team is expanding, so we are adding a Senior Technical Recruiter to our growing organization. The role can be located in any of our offices or structured to work remotely. The Senior Technical Recruiter will be responsible for managing a portfolio of business units and industry verticals in the AEC industry. This opportunity is a full life cycle recruiting position where you will serve as a strategic business partner to our hiring managers to identify the best candidates for our team.Specific duties include (but are not limited to) the following:Work with hiring managers and leadership on staffing planningDraft and post role descriptionsManage applicant flow in our applicant tracking systemScreen applicants and determine the “short list” of candidates to present to hiring managersResearch strategic sourcing techniques for harder to fill rolesIdentify and recruit high performing passive candidatesWork with hiring managers through the interview process offering coaching on interview techniques when neededNegotiate offers with candidates and hiring managersAttend recruiting events including job fairs and college recruitingWork with candidates through the pre-hire process and ensure easy handoff upon start and onboardingWork on open roles throughout North America with an opportunity to expand globally as we growYour BackgroundBachelor’s degree preferred in HR, Business Management/Administration, Marketing, Communications, or related field5+ years working in Talent Acquisition (ideally both 3rd party and corporate TA)Experience working in the AEC industry (specifically MEP) is strongly preferredExperience creating and executing sourcing strategies to target top candidatesExpertise working with applicant tracking systems, strategic sourcing techniques, LinkedIn Recruiter, and various job boardsExperience with diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and practicesExperience with behavioral assessments and situational interview techniquesExperience participating in college and professional recruitment eventsPositive attitude and strong work ethicAbility to self-direct and work independently in a remote environmentAbility to navigate competing priorities and provide exceptional service and results to our leadershipExcellent time management and creative problem solverStrong leadership, sales, and negotiation abilityKnowledge of EEO and OFCCP practices and procedures, understanding of relevant Federal and State lawsAbility to travel if required, no more than 20%. Ability to work some evenings and weekends when needed during tight deadlinesAttributes of Top PerformersEnergetic, fun, solution oriented, self-motivated, hardworking, roll up your sleeves and get it done type personalityExcellent communicator both written and verbal, that can multitask and respond quickly to competing prioritiesExceptional negotiation and influencing abilitiesDesire to create a best in class candidate experienceEnergized by challenges and the opportunity to work on talent acquisition projects and programsBoth recruiting agency and corporate recruiting backgrounds in the AEC/MEP spaceWhy Work for Salas O’Brien?With a motto of “expect a difference,” a compelling, ownership-driven culture, and offices around the country, Salas O’Brien draws the best engineering, architecture, and construction professionals in the country. We believe our attitude of ownership has profound impact on how we treat each other and serve our clients.We challenge you to find a firm with more opportunities for personal and professional growth than Salas O’Brien. Our many offices offer our team of employee-owners:Variety of projects and clientsCollaboration with experts in your fieldGrowth opportunities within a local office or other Salas O’Brien officesAwesome culture defined by our Ownership ValuesOf course, we also offer outstanding benefits—everything you would expect for insurance and vacation time, plus incentives for sustainable living, professional education & licensure reimbursement, and flexible work scheduling at arrangement of your manager.Equal Opportunity Employment StatementSalas O’Brien is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and in which personnel processes are merit-based and applied without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, disability, national or ethnic origin, military service status, citizenship, or other protected characteristic.Job Type: Full-time
